re:Invent Logo
Catalog


Want to learn more about the event?
Explore the AWS re:Invent catalog to discover a wide variety of session types, activities, and more. Or visit our Content Types and Policies page to learn more about how to navigate our catalog and event. New content is added regularly, and all content is subject to change.

Filters
Search
Session types
Topic
Industry
Area of interest
Level
Role
577 sessions

ARC202 | A capability-oriented approach to defining your cloud architecture


When you’re architecting workloads, you have a choice of over 200 AWS services. However, it doesn’t have to be overwhelming to pick the right services for your architecture. By defining your workload in terms of the capabilities required by your system, a combination of functional and nonfunctional requirements, you can simplify your choices. By defining your system’s important differentiating characteristics, you will find yourself naturally aligning the right AWS services to the capabilities required by your system. In this chalk talk, learn how to organize your system by capabilities and discover the architectural characteristics to pick the right services for those capabilities.

STG204 | Accelerate & automate secure data transfers at scale with AWS DataSync


Accelerate your cloud journey by moving your data to AWS quickly and securely with AWS DataSync. In this session, discover best practices for how to move your data at scale and increase performance. Hear a success story from Resilience, an AWS customer that is transforming the way novel medicines are produced, and learn how they used DataSync to build a connected network for fast, reliable data transfer in their lab environments.

DOP307 | Accelerate data science with Amazon Q Developer


Generative AI can help remove the heavy lifting developers experience today by writing much of the undifferentiated code, allowing them to build faster. Helping developers code faster could be one of the most powerful uses of generative AI that organizations will see in the coming years; this framework can also be applied to data science projects. Amazon Q Developer accelerates the completion of data science coding tasks with extensions for JupyterLab and Amazon SageMaker. In this workshop, learn how to build data processing pipelines and machine learning models with the help of an AI coding companion and accelerate data science experiments in Python. You must bring your laptop to participate.
Session types: Workshop
Topic: AI/ML, DevOps & Developer Productivity
Industry : Cross-Industry Solutions
Area of interest: Generative AI, Innovation & Transformation
Level: 300 – Advanced
Role: Developer / Engineer, IT Professional / Technical Manager
Services: Amazon Q Developer

SVS306 | Accelerate development with Powertools for AWS Lambda


Enhance your serverless development skills in the official Powertools for AWS Lambda workshop with new features. Make an existing application more observable, resilient to retries, and capable of handling API requests efficiently all while reducing boilerplate code by half. Choose your language adventure with Python, Java, JavaScript/TypeScript, or .NET. Gain hands-on experience using Powertools as your go-to developer toolkit for serverless workloads. Learn practical techniques for building robust, observable serverless applications. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM403 | Accelerate FM pre-training on Amazon SageMaker HyperPod


Amazon SageMaker HyperPod removes the undifferentiated heavy lifting involved in building and optimizing machine learning (ML) infrastructure for training foundation models (FMs), reducing training time by up to 40%. In this builders’ session, learn how to pre-train a large language model (LLM) using Slurm on SageMaker HyperPod. Explore the model pre-training workflow from start to finish, including setting up clusters, troubleshooting convergence issues, and running distributed training to improve model performance. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM203 | Accelerate gen AI application development with Amazon Bedrock Studio


Amazon Bedrock Studio provides the easiest way to build and iterate on generative AI–based applications using foundation models (FMs). Its web-based interface and single sign-on makes it simple for developers across an organization to experiment with large language models, collaborate on projects, and access the tools needed to build generative AI applications. Amazon Bedrock Studio offers a streamlined rapid prototyping environment by integrating with Amazon Bedrock’s serverless capabilities to deploy FMs. In this session, learn how Amazon Bedrock Studio accelerates generative AI application development by abstracting infrastructure complexities away from developers.

INO103 | Accelerate innovation capabilities with generative AI and mechanisms


In today’s rapidly evolving tech landscape, navigating complex innovation and transformation initiatives can be daunting. This hands-on workshop equips you with the tools and strategies to unlock your organization’s full potential for innovation and transformation. Use the AWS Innovation Pulse Check tool, powered by generative AI, to assess capabilities and receive tailored recommendations. Explore mental models that empower informed decision-making and foster an innovation culture. Dive into interactive modules to review processes, design effective change mechanisms, and prioritize actions for exceptional customer value delivery. Walk away with a roadmap to accelerate innovation maturity and stay ahead in the tech landscape. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MKT101 | Accelerate innovation with partner solutions in AWS Marketplace


Cloud marketplaces are emerging as the preferred destination for software, services, and data procurement. These solutions from experts in the worldwide AWS Partner community have become a vital component of the overall cloud and digital strategy for organizations. To enable innovation at speed, organizations have already begun to modernize the way they acquire, deploy, and govern these solutions through AWS Marketplace. In this session, AWS Marketplace Customer Advisors and business innovation leaders discuss how they have worked with organizations to revolutionize the management of the complete lifecycle of partner solutions integrated in their AWS innovation journeys.

XNT310 | Accelerate .NET development with Amazon Q Developer


With Amazon Q Developer, a generative AI-powered assistant, you can write, debug, test, optimize, secure, and upgrade your .NET code faster and more efficiently. In this code talk, learn how to set up Amazon Q Developer with multiple integrated development environments (IDEs) and use it to generate C# code to solve real-world problems. Learn how Amazon Q Developer explains undocumented code, scans for issues, and answers complex technical questions to help you deliver code faster. This talk also includes a discussion of the built-in privacy, security, and enterprise features of Amazon Q Developer.

WPS302 | Accelerate product development with collaborative digital environments


Engineering complex industrial systems relies heavily on collaboration and use of domain-specific models such as computer-aided design (CAD), finite element model (FEM), and custom software models. Digital engineering fundamentally relies on integrating data across model structures, which leads to collaboration across geographically dispersed organizations. In this workshop, learn how to deploy a collaborative digital engineering environment on AWS using open source OpenMBEE to develop automated workflows for product development using a model-based systems engineering (MBSE) approach. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS320 | Accelerate serverless deployments using Terraform with proven patterns


In this session, discover best practices and proven patterns for using Terraform to build serverless applications safely, predictably, and repeatedly. Learn techniques for designing modular, reusable architectures and strategies to test applications locally. Understand how to manage ownership and separation of concerns between operations and development teams. Gain insights into efficiently deploying serverless applications to the cloud. Familiarize yourself with open source frameworks to accelerate your serverless journey with Terraform today. Leave equipped with practical skills for leveraging Terraform’s power in your organization’s modern cloud architectures.

AUT305 | Accelerate software development with Amazon Bedrock and Amazon Q


Join this workshop to learn how to increase developer efficiency and streamline software-defined vehicle function test case creation using generative AI features within the virtual engineering workbench. Discover how test and validation engineers can drastically reduce the time needed to create meaningful test cases using Amazon Bedrock. Then, explore how Amazon Q can help developers to quickly find the information they need from distributed and disparate internal knowledge management and documentation systems like Confluence, JIRA, and RTC. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG405 | Accelerating distributed ML with containers & high-performance storage


In this workshop, learn how AWS storage can help increase the performance of machine learning (ML) training jobs and reduce the complexity for containerized environments using Amazon EKS. Explore storage solutions for your unique requirements, from Mountpoint for Amazon S3 and the Amazon S3 Express One Zone storage class to the seamless integration of Amazon FSx for Lustre with Amazon S3, using low-latency and high-performance capabilities for ML workloads. Join this hands-on workshop to enhance your skills in storage for distributed ML training. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP308 | Accelerating enterprise development with Amazon Q Developer


In this workshop, explore the transformative impact of generative AI in development. Get hands-on experience with Amazon Q Developer to learn how it can help you understand, build, and operate AWS applications. Explore the IDE to see how Amazon Q provides software development assistance, including code explanation, generation, modernization, and much more. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API301 | Accelerating event-driven architecture with event storming


Event-driven architectures are experiencing a renaissance. While getting started is not difficult, builders may encounter challenges on their journeys. Domain-driven design is a tool that can help, but many developers are unfamiliar with how to get started. In this chalk talk, learn about a general framework that uses domain-driven design to think through, design, and build cloud-native event-driven architectures.

ANT304 | Accelerating the shift from batch to stream processing


In today’s fast-paced business environment, timely insights from data are crucial for organizations to maintain a competitive edge and respond effectively to dynamic market and customer demands. This chalk talk explores the transformative shift from traditional batch processing to stream processing, enabling real-time data-driven decision-making. Gain insights into key streaming concepts, architectural patterns, potential challenges, and best practices for a seamless migration journey. Through a compelling use case demonstrating the benefits of transitioning to real-time data processing with AWS streaming services, you can acquire a roadmap for embracing stream processing and unlocking agility, responsiveness, and competitive advantage.

DAT420 | Achieving scale with Amazon Aurora Limitless Database


Amazon Aurora is a relational database service built for the cloud that is designed for unparalleled high performance and availability at global scale, with full MySQL and PostgreSQL compatibility. In this session, learn how Amazon Aurora Limitless Database enables applications to scale to millions of transactions per second across petabytes of data. Explore the architecture, distributed transaction management, and serverless scaling capabilities of Aurora Limitless Database. Also, discover application patterns that are a good fit for Aurora Limitless Database and which patterns to avoid. Learn how Aurora Limitless Database makes it easier than ever to scale Aurora.

CMP306 | Adapting LLMs for domain-aware applications with AWS Trainium post-training


While large language models (LLMs) have broad knowledge and versatility, tailoring these powerful models to specific domains unlocks new levels of understanding and performance, allowing them to enhance user experience in domain-focused or industry-vertical applications. In this workshop, learn how to apply post-training techniques like supervised fine-tuning and model alignment on AWS Trainium and AWS Inferentia using Amazon SageMaker and Hugging Face Optimum Neuron library. Explore how to deploy these models and evaluate the effects of these techniques with domain-specific accuracy tests. You must bring a laptop to participate.

COP312 | Advanced cost reporting and analysis for AWS containerized workloads


Due to the dynamic nature of cloud workloads and the inherent use of shared services, organizations are looking for simple ways to analyze spend and allocate their shared costs to teams and applications that utilize them. In this hands-on workshop, learn about the tools and techniques that can help you build your cost allocation strategy. Discover best practices for tagging and analyzing spend, and find out how to improve the cost visibility of your containerized Amazon ECS and Amazon EKS workloads with the split cost allocation data feature. Also, learn how to visualize your detailed cost and usage data with Amazon QuickSight dashboards. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ARC401 | Advanced cross-Region DR patterns on AWS


Join this hands-on workshop to explore a resilient, cloud-native architecture that surpasses the stringent availability and recovery regulations for financial markets utility providers. This highly available design uses Amazon ECS, Java Spring Boot, Amazon MQ, Amazon Kinesis, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon Aurora, Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller, and AWS Systems Manager. Delve into key design decisions, including cross-Region data stores, messaging, and cross-Region state replication. Also learn about exactly-once transaction processing, reliable global traffic shifting, and best practices for fail-safe disaster recovery orchestration. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT404 | Advanced data modeling with Amazon DynamoDB


Amazon DynamoDB is a popular choice for modern applications because it’s a serverless database that provides single-digit millisecond performance at any scale. Optimizing your usage of DynamoDB requires a different approach to data modeling than traditional relational databases. In this session, AWS Data Hero Alex DeBrie shows you advanced techniques to help you get the most out of DynamoDB. Learn how to “think in DynamoDB” by learning the DynamoDB foundations and principles for data modeling. Further, learn practical strategies and DynamoDB features to handle difficult use cases in your application.

API306 | Advanced patterns for distributed systems


Today’s applications are interconnected: they expose APIs, publish events, call third-party services, and externalize states. They must therefore address the fundamental challenges of distributed systems, such as out-of-order delivery, retries, idempotence, or partial failures. To balance those characteristics, architects have a range of options, including the level of decoupling through indirection, transformation, and asynchrony. In this session, learn about common design trade-offs for distributed systems, how to navigate them with design patterns, and how to embed those patterns in your cloud automation.

STG306 | Advanced security patterns on Amazon S3


Amazon S3 security settings and access controls are suitable for virtually any workload. In this chalk talk, equip yourself with proven patterns for managing access at scale. Learn how to optimize policy usage, scale beyond AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy limits, and secure your data lake perimeter.

NET301 | Advanced VPC design and what’s new in VPC


Amazon VPC is a foundational service on AWS, giving you control over your virtual networking environment. Every year, AWS makes updates to Amazon VPC to help improve functionality, security, and usability. In this session, learn about the latest updates to Amazon VPC and how you can use them to enhance your current architectures.

WPS301 | AI-driven traffic management for safer cities


In this builders’ session, explore how AI and machine learning can revolutionize traffic management to enhance safety and reduce congestion in urban areas. Gain hands-on experience in deploying technologies to collect and analyze real-time traffic data, build predictive models, and optimize traffic flow dynamically. Create a simulated traffic environment, configure sensors, and establish a data pipeline. Build and train a machine learning model and then deploy it using serverless computing for real-time predictions. Ideal for developers, data scientists, and traffic management professionals, this session aims to create a functional AI-driven traffic management prototype. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AUT303 | AI-powered vehicle diagnostics and root cause identification


Join this hands-on session to build a generative AI–powered vehicle diagnostics and troubleshooting application. Use the Generative AI Application Builder (GAAB) on AWS with guardrails for Amazon Bedrock to analyze vehicle issues, diagnostic data (DTCs, CAN bus data), and sensor readings. Explore how to configure and deploy generative AI applications with Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) to query repair manuals and historical records, use vehicle symptoms or DTCs to generate root cause analyses and recommended repairs, and build a workflow using agents for Amazon Bedrock for multistep automotive diagnostic tasks. Also learn how to use prompt engineering to generate outcomes in different languages. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT304 | Amazon Aurora HA and DR design patterns for global resilience


Amazon Aurora is a fully managed relational database designed for unparalleled high performance and availability at global scale with full MySQL and PostgreSQL compatibility. Aurora provides managed high availability (HA) and disaster recovery (DR) capabilities in and across AWS Regions. In this session, explore the Aurora HA and DR capabilities and discover design patterns that enable the development of resilient applications. Learn how to establish in-Region and cross-Region HA and DR using Aurora features, including Multi-AZ deployments, Aurora Global Database, and Amazon RDS Proxy, and discover how to reduce failover times with a JDBC driver.

FSI306 | Amazon Bedrock agents: Revolutionize data analysis & customer service


Analyzing complex datasets can be time-consuming and resource intensive. In this workshop, learn how to move from analysis to action faster and with minimal manual effort. Build an agent-based generative AI application that quickly links multiple data sources and produces meaningful insights using agents and knowledge bases for Amazon Bedrock. Discover how to integrate these agents with services like Amazon RDS and Amazon S3 as well as online data sources to improve customer interactions, personalize product offers, and identify new opportunities. Your application will demonstrate how financial institutions can revolutionize customer service while respecting guardrails for responsible AI. You must bring your laptop to participate.

QTC201 | Amazon Braket: Get hands-on with quantum computing


Amazon Braket provides access to quantum computing hardware and simulators to speed up scientific research and software development for quantum computing. Join this workshop to implement your first quantum algorithm and gain hands-on experience with running quantum circuits on gate-based devices and simulators. Review service features and examples available in the AWS quantum algorithm library. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT417 | Amazon DocumentDB for expert practitioners


As a fully managed database service for native document data model enterprise workloads, Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) removes the undifferentiated heavy lifting of operating a database so that you can focus your time on delivering value for your customers. In this chalk talk, dive deep into implementation trade-offs, including compression, performance, and cost, for various workloads. Learn how to architect a scalable Amazon DocumentDB–based solution using elastic clusters and other key features.

HLS202 | Amazon Q Apps for healthcare


In this workshop, learn how to use Amazon Q tools and resources to develop, test, and deploy applications while integrating them with healthcare data sources and knowledge bases. Also, explore advanced topics including scaling AI-generated applications for enterprise deployments and integrating with other AWS services and third-party healthcare solutions. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP204 | Amazon Q Developer: Your gen AI assistant for software development


In this session, learn how Amazon Q Developer is transforming the developer experience by speeding up a range of tasks that support you as you research how to get started, evaluate system design, build secure and scalable applications, upgrade existing applications, and optimize application performance. Learn firsthand how Amazon Q capabilities for building, troubleshooting, and transforming applications faster and more easily frees you up to focus on experimentation and innovation.

BSI101 | Amazon Q in QuickSight: Revolutionize data insights with Generative BI


Unleash data’s true potential with Amazon Q in QuickSight—an AI-powered Generative BI assistant that boosts productivity organization-wide. In this session, discover how analysts can build dashboards in minutes, not hours. Explore how business users can create interactive data stories and presentations in seconds to drive decisions and distill key insights from data not shown in dashboards with the data Q&A experience and executive summaries. Hear from two AWS customers on how they empowered their workforce with Generative BI and eliminated manual reporting bottlenecks, unlocked deeper insights, and gained a competitive edge with Amazon Q in QuickSight.

STG304 | Amazon S3 security and access control best practices


Strong adherence to architecture best practices and proactive controls are the foundations of data security. Amazon S3 provides security settings and granular access controls to suit any workload. In this session, learn about the fundamentals of Amazon S3 security and dive deep into the latest enhancements in usability and functionality. Explore options for access control, encryption, monitoring, auditing, and remediation. Discover best practices for data security and access control in Amazon S3.

BLC303 | Analyze Bitcoin and Ethereum data with AMB Query


Blockchains are rich with historic data, but analyzing this data can be technically challenging. In this workshop, learn how to access Bitcoin and Ethereum wallet balances and other transaction data via Amazon Managed Blockchain (AMB) Query. Also, discover how you can use AMB Query and other services to support cross-chain applications. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT419 | An insider’s look into architecture choices for Amazon DynamoDB


To overcome the performance and scale limitations of relational databases, AWS built Amazon DynamoDB to deliver consistent single-digit millisecond performance at any scale for the most demanding applications on the planet. In this session, learn about the architecture choices for Amazon DynamoDB. Gain a better understanding of when to use DynamoDB and why DynamoDB is used by over one million AWS customers to power hundreds of applications that exceed half a million requests per second. Leave with a new perspective on how to design your own applications.

OPN401 | Apache Iceberg on AWS: Tuning for cost and performance


With ever-growing data volumes and real-time requirements, tuning Apache Iceberg for performance while controlling costs can be challenging. This builders’ session dives deep into how Iceberg works, its configuration, advanced performance optimization options, and how to tune Iceberg for different workload patterns. Whether you have petabyte-scale batch loads or real-time streaming ingestion, learn about common issues, performance bottlenecks, and best practices to help keep costs under control while turbocharging Iceberg performance at scale. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SEC202 | API authorization with Amazon Cognito and Amazon Verified Permissions


In this builders’ session, gain hands-on experience with modern authorization in a microservices-based architecture on AWS. Learn how to externalize and customize authentication with Amazon Cognito, apply fine-grained authorization with policy-based access controls using Amazon Verified Permissions, and integrate with APIs that are protected by Amazon API Gateway. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API311 | Application integration for platform builders


Modern distributed applications leverage diverse integration components such as queues, event brokers, and workflows. To enhance developer productivity and enforce best practices, platform architects automate the management of these components, incorporating robust logging, monitoring, and security measures. In this session, explore the implementation of application integration using serverless components in enterprise environments. Gain insights on implementing effective data masking techniques, establishing comprehensive observability, and securely configuring cross-account access, and learn how to design and maintain scalable, secure distributed systems that align with enterprise-grade standards.

DAT401 | Applied data modeling with Amazon DynamoDB


In this builders’ session, learn how to turn a new business idea into a fully functional data model in Amazon DynamoDB. Discover how to translate business requirements into access patterns and access patterns into a fully optimized schema design. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC214 | Apply least privilege principles to troubleshoot IAM access issues


This lab demonstrates the concept of assuming an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role. Troubleshoot and fix access issues while applying least privilege concepts in your solution.

NET303 | Approaches to layered security on Amazon VPC


In this workshop, discover practical guidance that can help you build a secure Amazon VPC. Using a hands-on approach, review Amazon VPC features such as subnets, security groups, flow logs, and routing. Then, learn how you can add on additional layers of security and how to securely ingress and egress VPC traffic with other services, such as Amazon Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall, AWS Network Firewall, Amazon VPC Traffic Mirroring, AWS WAF, and more. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT319 | A practitioner’s guide to data for generative AI


In this session, gain the skills needed to deploy end-to-end generative AI applications using your most valuable data. While this session focuses on the Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) process, the concepts also apply to other methods of customizing generative AI applications. Discover best practice architectures using AWS database services like Amazon Aurora, Amazon OpenSearch Service, or Amazon MemoryDB along with data processing services like AWS Glue and streaming data services like Amazon Kinesis. Learn data lake, governance, and data quality concepts and how Amazon Bedrock features like knowledge bases and agents tie solution components together.

SVS301 | Architecting Amazon ECS workloads for data protection & compliance


Many organizations running containerized workloads need to ensure that they are meeting stringent data protection and compliance requirements, including those pertaining to the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules for securing protected health information (PHI). This builders’ session focuses on how you can use Amazon ECS and other AWS services to run container applications containing PHI. Learn best practices with Amazon ECS, Amazon ECR, AWS Fargate, Amazon GuardDuty, and more. You must bring your laptop to participate.

HYB306 | Architecting and deploying applications at the edge


In this workshop, explore successful design templates for architecting, designing, building, and deploying applications at the edge. Dive deep into successful workload architectures as well as business drivers and best practices for deploying edge applications with AWS services like AWS Local Zones and AWS Outposts. Discover the steps for deploying a real-time online game, private CDNs, and Amazon EKS workloads at the edge. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC206 | Are you well-architected?


Most businesses depend on a portfolio of technology solutions to operate and be successful every day. How do you know if you and your team are following best practice or what the risks in your architectures might be? In this session, learn how the AWS Well-Architected Framework provides prescriptive architectural advice and how the AWS Well-Architected Tool helps you measure and improve your technology portfolio.

NET302 | Ask me anything about networking


This chalk talk covers the breadth of AWS networking services. Are you facing challenges figuring out how you can optimize Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), where Amazon VPC Lattice fits in to your architecture, how you can migrate to AWS PrivateLink, how you should implement AWS Verified Access, whether you should migrate from AWS Transit Gateway to AWS Cloud WAN, or any other networking topic? Bring your questions to explore in detail through interactive conversations and whiteboarding.

OPN302 | AutoGluon: Build your AI/ML applications with the superpower of AutoML


In this workshop, discover how popular open source AutoML framework AutoGluon empowers developers to build ML applications with cutting-edge AutoML capabilities. Learn how AutoGluon streamlines the ML building process (from data loading and model selection to ensembling and HPO) with three lines of code, allowing developers to focus on solving ML problems rather than tinkering with models. Dive into hands-on exercises where you’ll use AutoGluon to train high-performing ML models on various use cases, including tabular, time-series, and multimodal, regardless of your expertise level. Join this workshop to unlock the full potential of AutoML and accelerate your journey toward building intelligent applications with AutoGluon. You must bring your laptop to participate.

XNT309 | Automate and troubleshoot AD using Amazon Bedrock


Active Directory (AD) administration often involves repetitive tasks and time-consuming troubleshooting. Come discover the future of smarter, more efficient AD management, powered by the remarkable capabilities of generative AI. Learn how to use AI-driven agents for Amazon Bedrock to simplify employee onboarding, automate repetitive administration tasks, and provide root cause analysis with remediation recommendations in natural language for common AD issues like account lockouts and Kerberos problems. Watch live demos showcasing how these agents analyze log files, event logs, and diagnostic data to identify and resolve AD-related issues efficiently. It’s time to boost your AD management skills with AI.

MAM307 | Automate document processing with SAP and generative AI


To gain a competitive edge, SAP customers are modernizing mission-critical SAP processes with cloud services. The AWS SDK for SAP ABAP simplifies reinventing SAP-based processes using more than 200 AWS services. In this hands-on workshop, learn how to automate paper-to-post invoice management by integrating SAP with AWS services, including generative AI capabilities. Learn how automating invoice processing with Amazon Textract, Amazon Translate, Amazon Bedrock, and SAP can accelerate payment approvals, enable anomaly detection, reduce errors, save costs, and boost staff productivity. You must bring your laptop to participate.

COP302 | Automate patch management and compliance


In this workshop, learn how to automate patch management and compliance. See how you can quickly enable patching at scale across your AWS accounts and Regions within your AWS organization using AWS Systems Manager. Gain hands-on experience with how to use AWS Systems Manager to enable patching operations and maintain compliance. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG401 | Automate protection and backup compliance using Amazon EBS snapshots


Organizations use Amazon EBS snapshots to securely protect data on Amazon EBS volumes. Join this builders’ session to learn how to design and build automated application-consistent Amazon EBS snapshot workflows using Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager. Build snapshot automation into your existing data protection scripts, and explore how to design and code new snapshot workflows. This session also covers topics such as AWS account security, securing your snapshots from public access, secure sharing, and the Amazon EBS snapshot encryption architecture. Learn how to protect your data from accidental deletions, increase compliance, and safeguard against ransomware. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SAS404 | Automate SaaS provisioning & deployment with Kubernetes DevOps tooling


The Kubernetes DevOps tool chain equips builders with a rich collection of constructs that can be used to design and implement a range of multi-tenant automation strategies. This workshop looks at how these Kubernetes tools are combined to support tenant onboarding, deployment, provisioning, configuration, and so on. The labs identify approaches for targeting and automating these unique SaaS DevOps needs. The goal is to create an end-to-end solution that uses GitOps, Argo, Helm, and other Kubernetes tools to create and configure multi-tenant Amazon EKS environments that cover a range of tiers and deployment models. You must bring your laptop to participate.

NET307 | Automate your network operations using NetDevOps practices


As your AWS network infrastructure grows in size and complexity, not only will you need to develop and modernize your applications, you will also need to modernize and manage the infrastructure in an agile, efficient, and secure manner. During this workshop, learn about and apply NetDevOps best practices through hands-on scenario role-play at a fictitious company. Act as a new network engineer who needs to troubleshoot and fix required automations for their company. You must bring your laptop to participate.

NTA301 | Automating scalable order processing using generative AI


AffinityX, a leading advertising agency processing over 3 million purchase orders annually for promotional goods, encountered scalability challenges. In this session, hear how they leveraged generative AI on AWS and Cloudwick’s expertise to develop a solution powered by Amazon Bedrock, Anthropic Claude 3, AWS Lambda, and other serverless services. Discover how this innovative approach automated the entire order workflow, seamlessly handling the high volume of orders from submission to fulfillment without manual intervention. Gain insights into how AffinityX achieved cost savings, scalability, and the ability to dynamically adapt to demand by embracing generative AI on AWS for order processing automation.

STG319 | AWS B2B Data Interchange to accelerate EDI data integrations at scale


AWS B2B Data Interchange transforms EDI business-to-business (B2B) data exchanged between you and your trading partners at cloud scale. In this workshop, dive deep into how to use AWS B2B Data Interchange to automate the transformation of your EDI documents to accelerate migration of your B2B data exchange workloads. Explore practical examples of industry-standard ERP, and learn how to reduce operational complexity and optimize cost using inbound and outbound messaging. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT308 | AWS best practices for IoT and AI for industrial smart products


AWS helps manufacturers connect high-value industrial products by leveraging analytics and AI capabilities from the edge to the cloud. In this chalk talk, explore how AWS helps organizations connect industrial assets, reduce total cost of ownership, accelerate innovation, and unlock industrial data, while offering more capabilities and services for their B2B customers. Learn about the latest architecture patterns using AWS IoT and AI managed services, like AWS IoT SiteWise and Amazon Bedrock. Get an opportunity to engage with other attendees and AWS IIoT specialists to get best practices and exchange insights on industrial smart products.

TNC103 | AWS Cloud technical essentials


In this introductory bootcamp, you learn about AWS products, services, and common solutions. You also get familiar with the fundamentals of identifying AWS services so you can make informed decisions about IT solutions based on your business requirements. Throughout the bootcamp, you gain information on how to build, compare, and apply highly available, fault tolerant, scalable, and cost-effective cloud solutions.

DAT201-INT | AWS databases: The foundation for data-driven and generative AI apps


For almost two decades, hundreds of thousands of customers have trusted AWS databases as their cloud data foundation. Join Jeff Carter, Vice President of AWS Databases & Migration Services, as he shares AWS databases innovation to help customers modernize their applications so they can deliver generative AI–enabled experiences for their users. Learn how AWS databases are making it easier to integrate and manage your data, build highly available, resilient applications for your mission-critical workloads, and seamlessly take advantage of generative AI advancements.

TNC104 | AWS escape room: Exam prep for Certified AI Practitioner


Prepare for the AWS Certified AI Practitioner exam by playing a 3D virtual escape room game. Select an avatar, enter a narrative-driven world, and solve a series of interactive puzzles, exam-style questions, and hands-on labs to leave locked rooms. Compete against others to escape first! You must bring a laptop with a Chrome, Firefox, or Edge browser to participate. Headphones are recommended but optional.

XNT201 | AWS fundamentals for the accidental SQL Server database administrator


With over 200 fully featured services on AWS, it can be challenging for any database administrator trying to ramp up. In this chalk talk, learn how to map basic database administrator tasks to the role of a cloud architect. Learn about networking and security and how to implement high availability and disaster recovery for SQL Server. Discover how to use generative AI services like Amazon Q Business and Amazon Q Developer with your deployments and queries. Finally, learn how to choose the right services for your deployment and how to secure and cost-optimize these workloads. Come prepared with your questions.

GHJ304 | AWS GameDay: Cloud operations


Join us for an interactive and collaborative learning exercise to develop practical skills for keeping AWS environments up and running. Gain experience in a real AWS account with deployed infrastructure that needs your help. Use and build skills in monitoring, automation, observability, configuration management, and more. Whether you’re a seasoned cloud professional or just starting your journey, this cloud operations AWS GameDay is an opportunity to put your theoretical knowledge to the test and gain invaluable experience. This session features a quest from Dynatrace.

GHJ301 | AWS GameDay: Developer experience


Join us for an interactive and collaborative learning exercise to gain practical skills for working with code on AWS. Come blend the skills of developers and operations teams to fully harness the combined power of DevOps. Leverage and build skills in serverless applications, CI/CD pipelines, containers, infrastructure as code, and more. Whether you’re a seasoned cloud professional or just starting your journey, this developer experience AWS GameDay is an opportunity to put your theoretical knowledge to the test and gain invaluable experience. This session features a quest from New Relic.

GHJ302 | AWS GameDay: Generative AI


Join us for an interactive and collaborative learning exercise to gain practical skills for working with generative AI on AWS. Discover and build with the technology that’s sweeping the industry. Come leverage and build skills in prompt engineering and foundation model evaluation while connecting applications to LLMs, building with agents, and more. Whether you’re a seasoned cloud professional or just starting your journey, this generative AI AWS GameDay is an opportunity to put your theoretical knowledge to the test and gain invaluable experience. This session features a quest from Datadog.

GHJ303 | AWS GameDay: Security and networking


Join us for an interactive and collaborative learning exercise to develop practical skills for connecting and protecting infrastructure in AWS environments. Gain experience in a real AWS account with deployed infrastructure that needs your help. Respond to real-world networking and security scenarios involving compromised credentials, asset uplifting to IPv6, data leaks, VPC connectivity issues, instance breaches, and more. Whether you’re a seasoned cloud professional or just starting your journey, this security and networking AWS GameDay is an opportunity to put your theoretical knowledge to the test and gain invaluable experience. This session features a quest from Lacework.

SEC402 | AWS GameDay: Winning the DDoS game


In this workshop, compete in a team-based environment to practice protecting a web application in real time. Your team uses AWS WAF and AWS Shield to mitigate distributed HTTP floods, web exploits, and malicious bots that disrupt the experience of your customers. This workshop offers a risk-free environment where teamwork is paramount as you work together under pressure. Watch a real-time scoreboard as your team works through each level. The most effective team will earn a prize at the end! You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP316 | AWS Graviton GameDay: Optimize your Amazon EC2 workload with Graviton


Ready to learn more about AWS Graviton in an immersive environment? In this team-based gamified learning setting, perform a live migration of your workload to Graviton. You learn how to unlock Graviton’s full price-performance potential and optimize the size of an Amazon EC2 fleet. You have the opportunity to identify CPU-architectural incompatibilities with the Porting Advisor for Graviton tool, test performance, adjust a continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) pipeline to create ARM64 artifacts, and explore popular Graviton use cases. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SEC309 | AWS IAM Identity Center: Secure access to generative AI applications


Join this workshop to get a better understanding of how to provide your developers access to generative AI applications, including Amazon Q. Learn how to connect your corporate identities to AWS and how to use your corporate login to manage access to generative AI applications. Be guided through managing session duration and security to simplify your users’ experience. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP201 | AWS infrastructure as code: A year in review


AWS provides services that enable the creation, deployment and maintenance of application infrastructure in a programmatic, descriptive, and declarative way. These services provide rigor, clarity, and reliability to application development. Join this session to learn about the new features and improvements for AWS infrastructure as code with AWS CloudFormation and AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) and discover how they can benefit your team.

IOT202 | AWS IoT for edge LLM deployment and execution


With the advent of generative AI and large language models (LLMs), you must be wondering, how can these technologies be applied at the IoT edge? After all, there are many benefits of running LLMs at the edge—from network bandwidth efficiencies, offline processing, lower latency, and data sovereignty to cost savings, security, and differentiation. In this session, learn how using AWS IoT services and LLMs at the edge can uplift your solutions with actionable outcomes and innovative capabilities, such as gesture recognition, natural language processing for voice control, real-time predictive maintenance, energy optimization, anomaly detection, and more.

TNC307 | AWS Jam: DevOps and modernization


Are you looking to enhance your AWS DevOps and modernization skills? Immerse yourself in AWS DevOps challenges and collaborate with fellow enthusiasts. Activities are structured to accommodate AWS users of all skill levels, and you'll have a chance to win SWAG and prizes. Ask questions of the subject matter expert leading the study session, and enhance your DevOps knowledge with guided exercises. All you need to bring is your desire to learn and a laptop.

TNC308 | AWS Jam: Security


Are you concerned about protecting sensitive data in the cloud? Are you ready to put your AWS security skills to the test and learn in a gamified, experiential, team-based competition? Join us for this Security Jam, and gain hands-on experience with AWS and AWS Partners services and offerings via simulated real-world scenarios. Activities are structured to accommodate AWS users of all skill levels, and you'll have a chance to win SWAG and prizes. Ask questions of the subject matter expert leading the study session, and enhance your security knowledge with guided exercises. All you need to bring is your desire to learn and a laptop.

SVS321 | AWS Lambda and Apache Kafka for real-time data processing applications


In this session, gain practical insights into building scalable, serverless data processing applications by integrating AWS Lambda with Apache Kafka. Explore using event-driven models for real-time data streaming and processing. Discover different architectural patterns and best practices to achieve high throughput, fault tolerance, and low latency. Leave with the knowledge to design serverless data processing pipelines that extract valuable insights from real-time data streams efficiently and cost-effectively.

SVS312 | AWS Lambda performance tuning: Best practices and guidance


In this chalk talk, you learn about opportunities to optimize your serverless applications built with AWS Lambda, including optimizations in the function configuration and within your function code. This talk also covers how you can best measure and tune your function’s performance by configuring memory to get the right application performance. You also hear best practices for initialization logic and reuse to enable fast startup and fast function processing times.

MAM303 | AWS Mainframe Modernization accelerators for application transformation


In this workshop, learn about select AWS Mainframe Modernization accelerators, such as Application Testing, data replication, File Transfer, DevOps CI/CD, and managed services, that speed your time to value and deliver cost savings, agility, resilience, and innovation. Gain hands-on experience with some of the accelerators, and learn how they could complement refactor, replatform, reimagine, or augment patterns. Finally, discover how you can accelerate the modernization pace wherever you may be in your mainframe application modernization journey. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MKT304 | AWS Marketplace: Deploy, govern & analyze spend of third-party software


AWS Marketplace makes it easy to find, subscribe, deploy, and manage third-party software, data, and services. In this workshop, choose between hands-on labs for buyers just starting to learn about AWS Marketplace or labs for experienced buyers looking to expand their knowledge. New buyers can explore how to buy and deploy different types of third-party products in AWS Marketplace. Experienced buyers can learn to govern purchases by setting up a private marketplace of approved products, sharing licenses, analyzing spend, and allocating costs. This session requires an active AWS account with admin rights. You must bring your laptop to participate.

PEX301 | AWS Marketplace sellers: Publish, update, and manage your product


In this workshop, choose between hands-on labs for new sellers just starting or labs for experienced sellers looking to optimize their operations in AWS Marketplace. Sellers just starting out can explore publishing virtual machine, container, or SaaS-based products. Established sellers can learn about API-enabled automations for their delivery pipelines, private offers, and other integrations with AWS Marketplace. The part of the workshop intended for established sellers requires a registered seller account with an existing published product. For new or interested sellers, an active AWS account is required. This workshop is intended for AWS Partners. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ACT101 | AWS re:Invent 5K run


Bring your workout gear and get ready to join the fun. Embrace the challenge alongside fellow attendees to cross the finish line of the annual re:Invent 5K run. Participants of all skill levels are welcome, and there is no fee to participate. The course begins and ends at the Michelob ULTRA Arena at Mandalay Bay and follows Frank Sinatra Drive. Visit the Community Events Desk to learn more and pick up your bib and packet.

ACT001 | AWS Sports Forum


The AWS Sports Forum is the ultimate destination to elevate your game. Join us and witness the future unfold. The AWS Sports Forum not only hosts activities from the NFL, NHL, and Formula 1 but also showcases relevant customer stories that appeal to a wide range of conference attendees including casual fans, fitness enthusiasts, and gamers.

HYB201 | AWS wherever you need it: From the cloud to the edge


While most workloads can be migrated to the cloud, some remain on premises or at the edge due to low latency, local data processing, or digital sovereignty needs. In this session, learn how AWS services like AWS Outposts, AWS Local Zones, AWS Dedicated Local Zones, and AWS IoT support hybrid cloud and edge computing workloads such as multiplayer gaming, high-frequency trading, medical imaging, smart manufacturing, and generative AI applications with data residency requirements.

SVS208 | Balance consistency and developer freedom with platform engineering


Serverless empowers developers to build complex applications by shifting infrastructure and operational responsibility to AWS. Platform engineering plays an important role to ensure consistency and compliance and reduce the complexity of building in the cloud. Learn how platform teams can provide opinionated security, cost, observability, reliability, and sustainability patterns while maintaining developer flexibility and agility. Explore a real-world platform implementation on Backstage, with common application patterns for serverless APIs, event-driven architectures, and containerized applications.

TNC305 | Become an expert on AWS observability services


This bootcamp provides a deep dive into AWS observability services such as Amazon CloudWatch, AWS X-Ray, Amazon Managed Service for Prometheus, Amazon Managed Grafana, and AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry. Come gain hands-on experience with features, possibilities, and solutions offered by the AWS observability suite. This bootcamp covers creating custom dashboards, using feature experimentation, and using logging and monitoring for troubleshooting. By the end, you have the ability to champion the value of AWS observability services, even without prior AWS expertise.

ARC307 | Benchmarking through cost insights: The way of the frugal architect


Does your infrastructure’s cost reflect best practices and recommended patterns? Are you using AWS services optimally while implementing robust, cost-optimized foundations? This workshop is designed to help you drive architectural improvements through cost observation. It explores how to uncover suboptimal architecture patterns, hidden failures, and noncompliant deployments by using costs to establish and visualize good baselines for foundational services and workload architectures. It demonstrates how to combine cost categories and usage data with design requirements, application profiles, and best practices to generate flexible visualizations and KPIs that empower the frugal architect. Join this workshop to gain expertise in creating a cost-effective architecture. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAM308 | Benchmark your SAP landscape against 100+ architecture best practices


In this workshop, learn how SAP customers are maximizing the scalability, reliability, security, sustainability, and performance of AWS. Explore architecture best practices developed by AWS while helping thousands of SAP customers run their mission-critical applications in the cloud. Gain hands-on experience setting up an automated health check solution that scans SAP on AWS environments and compares results against more than 100 architecture best practices. Then, use generative AI from Amazon Q in QuickSight to analyze the results and uncover opportunities for optimization. You must bring your laptop to participate.

FWM305 | Best practices for creating and testing cross-platform apps on AWS


Learn how to build applications for Android, iOS, and the web without the stress of maintaining different code bases. Use React Native libraries in AWS Amplify to create full-featured, cloud-powered applications. Learn how to add features such as authentication, API and data interactions, generative AI, and media/file storage. Also, test your application using AWS Device Farm. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG313 | Best practices for deploying critical applications with Amazon EBS


Millions of customers deploy performance-intensive enterprise applications and databases on AWS. In this workshop, explore the detailed process of deploying a high-performance application on Amazon EC2 and Amazon EBS for optimized availability, resiliency, and cost performance. Discover how to select the ideal Amazon EC2 instance types and Amazon EBS volume types for various workloads. Learn about on-demand storage flexibility and performance using Elastic Volumes. Monitor and improve operational performance and resource optimization of Amazon EBS using Amazon CloudWatch metrics. Build resilience and fault tolerance using AWS Fault Injection Service. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG307 | Best practices for operating at scale with Amazon EBS & EBS snapshots


Many enterprises are running their mission-critical production workloads in multiple AWS Regions using Amazon EBS for block storage and EBS snapshots for data protection. With block storage, operating at scale can mean different things, including delivering high IOPS or I/O bandwidth to applications, managing and monitoring millions of volumes, or protecting petabytes of data with stringent RPO and RTO requirements. In this chalk talk, learn best practices for scaling and managing your EBS environment with cloud-native tools and techniques to help keep costs down while meeting your business needs.

SVS401 | Best practices for serverless developers


Do you want to take advantage of the full power of serverless architectures for your production workloads? Are you wondering how events can help your applications scale? Have you been trying to tune your applications for higher performance and lower cost? This session provides architectural best practices, optimizations, and useful shortcuts that experts can use to build secure, high-scale, and high-performance serverless applications.

API312 | Best practices to migrate your existing message broker to AWS


Message brokers for point-to-point and publish-subscribe messaging are among the most widely used middleware. These systems power critical systems and integrate software products around the globe. Join this chalk talk for an interactive discussion on how AWS customers are migrating from on-premises or self-managed RabbitMQ, IBM MQ, ActiveMQ, and others to Amazon MQ. Learn best practices for building durable, scalable, global systems without managing message brokers on your own.

SEC302 | Better together: Protecting data through culture and technology


AWS uses a combination of culture and technologies to share ownership and build security into every layer of the stack, then externalizes lessons learned through the managed services AWS provides to you. This session examines the full range of data protection capabilities available with AWS and how best practices and culture can complement them to improve security outcomes. Dive deep into a defense in depth perspective, which details how organizations can protect their data and bolster their security culture by consistently building security into every layer.

ACT102 | Bingo Night


Bingo Night returns to re:Invent! Join us for a fun night filled with bingo and prizes.

MFG203 | Boeing’s transformation journey: Modernizing PLM with AWS


In this session, discover how Boeing embarked on a modernization journey to migrate their product lifecycle management (PLM) software to AWS. Boeing’s migration, automation, and infrastructure-as-code approach allowed them to deploy complex PLM environments in a single day compared two weeks on premises. Additionally, they worked with AWS Professional Services and a partner to leverage Amazon RDS, Amazon EFS, and Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to support disaster recovery, allowing for disaster recovery to be implemented in minutes rather than hours. Learn how their innovations have collectively improved the scalability, operational efficiency, and cost-effectiveness of their PLM systems.

AIM101 | Boost employee productivity with Amazon Q Business


In this session, learn how Amazon Q Business can help you quickly build a generative AI–powered assistant that can answer questions, provide summaries, generate content, and complete tasks based on data and information in your enterprise systems across a variety of use cases. With security and privacy as central considerations, Amazon Q can respect existing identities, roles, and permissions and allows you to restrict sensitive topics, block keywords, and filter out inappropriate questions and answers.

IMP202 | Boosting member participation through enhanced digital experiences


Donor engagement and retention are critical objectives for nonprofit organizations. In this builders’ session, discover how AWS machine learning and generative AI services can help you implement targeted and personalized experiences across various digital channels and enhance the overall donor experience. Get the opportunity to choose from a variety of use cases, such as targeted email campaigns and donor profile management. Leave this session with hands-on experience using AWS AI services that can help you enhance campaign effectiveness, and ultimately, build a stronger connection with your donors. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT315 | Boost performance and reduce costs in Amazon Aurora and Amazon RDS


In this session, explore Amazon Aurora and Amazon RDS cost components, and learn important best practices that can help you improve the performance of your relational database workloads while reducing spend on various cost components, such as compute, storage, backup, and I/O.

NTA304 | Boost your Kubernetes journey with EKS Blueprints for CDK & Amazon Q


Bootstrapping and operating Kubernetes environments can be complex, from selecting the right open source tools to implementing multi-tenancy and security controls. In this hands-on workshop, learn how to use Amazon EKS Blueprints for CDK, a collection of infrastructure-as-code modules, to rapidly provision and configure an Amazon EKS cluster for a microservices application. Discover how Amazon Q can assist you in writing and modifying the AWS CDK code to streamline infrastructure provisioning. Learn how to deploy and configure a ready-to-use Amazon EKS cluster using continuous deployment automation, allowing you to scale the provisioning and maintenance of Amazon EKS clusters across your organization efficiently. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT313 | Build a cost-effective RAG-based gen AI application with Amazon Aurora


In this chalk talk, explore key design considerations for building cost-effective generative AI applications. Learn about model selection and optimization techniques, focusing on strategies for optimizing the Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) architecture. Additionally, learn about implementing efficient data storage and retrieval methods using Amazon Aurora. Discover prompt engineering best practices and effective monitoring and cost-tracking approaches along the way to help ensure the overall cost-effectiveness of your generative AI solution.

TNC204 | Build a custom model using Amazon SageMaker Canvas


In this Amazon SageMaker lab, learn how to build and run a machine learning model with no code using Amazon SageMaker Canvas. Use sample data to train models, compare their performance, and make predictions.

STG201 | Build a data foundation to fuel generative AI


Data has long been considered a strategic asset by organizations, but generative AI puts a renewed emphasis on the importance of a data strategy. Whether you are building your own model or customizing a foundation model, your data is a key differentiator for generative AI, so you need a data strategy that supports relevant, high-quality data. In this session, learn about the data tools that can fuel your generative AI strategy and the common data patterns required to transform your generative AI application from a generic tool to a program that truly knows your business and your customer.

STG308 | Build a data mesh using AWS Transfer Family and AWS Lake Formation


Discover how data mesh architectures revolutionize product offerings across organizations, from small businesses to global enterprises, while centralizing security, governance, auditing, and data discovery. In this workshop, discover how AWS Transfer Family can automate the data processing pipeline for third-party data, validate the integrity of files transferred, apply PGP encryption and decryption and anti-malware scans, and enrich and load the data into a secure data mesh integrated with AWS Lake Formation. Learn how, once it’s there, users can securely access data based on their roles to search, query, and perform analytics. You must bring your laptop to participate.

FSI304 | Build a financial assistant with Amazon Q and Amazon Bedrock agents


Financial institutions manage complex, document-intensive workflows to perform financial analysis and reporting. In this session, build an assistant that enhances financial document processing and improves productivity using multimodal large language model (LLM) capabilities and a knowledge base built with Amazon Q. Also, learn how to use agents for Amazon Bedrock to create a single view for financial analysis on documents, structured content, and APIs. This approach can help you interact with these data sources, summarize financial statements, and generate prospectus documents including charts and data tables. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT308 | Build a gen AI application using knowledge graphs in Amazon Neptune


In this workshop, build an application to query your domain-specific, differentiated, and highly related datasets using natural language. Amazon Neptune is your database of record storing a knowledge graph with the most up-to-date version of your data and helps the LLM at the center of your application improve the quality of the answers provided. Discover how to use multimodal inputs, such as text, images, or both, for a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) process that uses vector search over your knowledge graph data. You must bring a laptop to participate.

TLC302 | Build a generative AI agentic workflow for customer self-service


This builders’ session showcases how generative AI services like Amazon Bedrock, Amazon SageMaker, and Amazon OpenSearch Service can revolutionize customer self-service and automated troubleshooting. Learn to build personalized customer journeys using real-time data, and explore constructing generative AI workflows using knowledge bases and machine learning (ML) algorithms to resolve issues autonomously. A live demo will highlight these AI-driven solutions’ potential for enhanced customer engagement, efficiency, and proactive issue resolution. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT313 | Build a generative AI industrial diagnosis & troubleshooting assistant


In this workshop, construct a generative AI–powered assistant that enhances operational efficiency and reduces machine downtime in industrial settings. While harnessing the power of large language models from Amazon Bedrock, learn how to integrate AWS IoT SiteWise and an enterprise knowledge graph, and find out how to connect knowledge bases, configure agents, and establish robust guardrails. When finished, see your generative AI assistant in action in a simulated factory environment and the impact it makes to deliver contextualized insights and actionable recommendations to plant operators. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MFG303 | Build a generative AI–powered shop floor assistant


Learn how to build a generative AI assistant to analyze data from industrial IoT sensors, documents, manuals, and other manufacturing systems. Also learn how to provide natural language summaries of operation statuses and current issues with suggestion actions, and how to help operators, manufacturing engineers, and factory leaders conduct Q&A–based exploratory root cause analysis to increase overall plant productivity. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM323 | Build agentic workflows with Amazon Bedrock and open source frameworks


In this immersive workshop, learn how to build scalable and intelligent agentic workflows using Amazon Bedrock, LangChain, and LangGraph. Through hands-on coding, use Amazon Bedrock capabilities with LangChain to process and generate text, images, and data, enabling autonomous agents that understand natural language instructions. Then, discover how to use the Amazon Bedrock Converse API to build conversational AI agents for streamlined customer service. Finally, integrate Amazon Bedrock with LangGraph to create multistep, AI-powered workflows that adapt to business requirements by connecting conversational agents and data processing capabilities developed throughout the workshop. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API310 | Build a meeting summarization solution with generative AI & serverless


In this code talk, see live coding of a serverless application for producing meeting summaries with generative AI. Learn how to orchestrate transcription using Amazon Transcribe and summarization with Amazon Bedrock, orchestrated with AWS Step Functions. Discover how to simplify and scale your application using event-driven techniques with Amazon EventBridge. Leave with practical skills for developing serverless generative AI solutions that streamline meeting insights through automated transcription and summarization powered by AI/ML services.

ACT104 | Build and Give Back


Join AWS in supporting local nonprofits in Las Vegas, Nevada, by participating in activities such as building dynamo lights or packing first aid kits at our Build and Give Back location in the Expo.

ACT107 | Build and Give Back


Join AWS in supporting local nonprofits in Las Vegas, Nevada, by participating in activities such as building dynamo lights or packing first aid kits at our Build and Give Back location in the Expo.

ACT105 | Build and Give Back


Join AWS in supporting local nonprofits in Las Vegas, Nevada, by participating in activities such as building dynamo lights or packing first aid kits at our Build and Give Back location in the Expo.

ACT106 | Build and Give Back


Join AWS in supporting local nonprofits in Las Vegas, Nevada, by participating in activities such as building dynamo lights or packing first aid kits at our Build and Give Back location in the Expo.

ACT103 | Build and Give Back


Join AWS in supporting local nonprofits in Las Vegas, Nevada, by participating in activities such as building dynamo lights or packing first aid kits at our Build and Give Back location in the Expo.

ANT308 | Build and govern your data mesh with Amazon DataZone


A data mesh is a distributed, domain-driven architecture that defines responsibilities and coordination across separate domain teams and data products. A data mesh requires data governance to ensure data quality, consistency, security, and trust across domains. In this workshop, learn how to build with Amazon DataZone to help manage and govern your data mesh. Explore automating data discovery, cataloging, and sharing; analyzing data quality; visualizing data lineage; and governing data access to meet objectives. Through hands-on exercises, gain practical experience designing, deploying, and maintaining a well-governed data mesh solution using Amazon DataZone. You must bring your laptop to participate.

XNT402 | Build an image search engine with .NET and Amazon Bedrock


In this code talk, learn how to build a smart, semantic image search engine for a .NET application using Amazon Bedrock and Amazon OpenSearch Service. The implementation will include preprocessing and indexing images using Amazon Bedrock, storing and managing data with OpenSearch Service, and developing a .NET application for user interaction. Leave this talk knowing how to use these tools to make your own powerful image search engine.

TNC215 | Build a product recommendation engine using Amazon Neptune


In this lab, learn how to model your source data from relational databases and document stores to Amazon Neptune in order to meet this business need. Use a sample customer order database to build a product recommendation system that is used to send real-time product recommendations to customers as they browse the products portal.

GAM301 | Build a scalable cross-platform multiplayer game backend on AWS


In this workshop, learn how to use the AWS Game Backend Framework to develop a custom cross-platform game backend for your multiplayer game. Explore cross-platform player identity, backend microservices for matchmaking, and integrations to popular game engines. Also learn how to use Amazon GameLift to host your game servers globally, close to players for a low-latency real-time experience. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS323 | Build a serverless, real-time API for a generative AI–powered chatbot


In this hands-on builders' session, build a serverless, real-time chat experience with a virtual assistant. Dive deep into serverless, real-time APIs powered by AWS AppSync, AWS Lambda, and Amazon Bedrock. Explore how to leverage these APIs to build cutting-edge generative AI applications. Leave with practical skills for building scalable, cost-effective, real-time APIs that seamlessly integrate your generative AI models. Gain firsthand experience constructing an immersive chat experience enhanced by AI capabilities. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MFG304 | Build a unified namespace and connect factories at scale


This hands-on builders’ session guides you through the process of connecting Siemens PLCs at scale, determining the exposed data, and generating an AWS IoT SiteWise hierarchy using generative AI with Amazon Bedrock. Learn how to take exposed data from a brownfield PLC; create an ISA-95-compliant asset hierarchy using AWS IoT SiteWise, AWS IoT Greengrass, and Amazon Bedrock; and build a dashboard displaying live data. This session offers a step-by-step, practical approach to mastering the skills needed to build a unified namespace and connecting a factory at scale. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AUT304 | Build a vehicle insights assistant with AWS IoT FleetWise and Amazon Q


In this interactive session, use AWS IoT FleetWise to ingest vehicle data and then use Amazon Q to build a conversational generative AI–powered assistant that helps analyze the data using natural language queries and responses. Ask questions about the data like “Which vehicles have a low battery charge?” or “What are average vehicle speeds in the morning versus evening?” Learn how you can use Amazon Q to explore advanced querying and analysis capabilities like filtering, aggregations, and anomaly detection, and discover how Amazon Q can help you fine-tune your data collection campaigns or maintenance schedules based on collected data. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM309 | Build a video generator with AI/ML tools in Amazon SageMaker Studio


In this workshop, get hands-on experience building an Automated Video Highlight Reel Generator using Amazon SageMaker’s comprehensive tools. Learn to search for and select the right multi-modal LLM for video use cases. Interactively build a multi-modal image/video analysis engine that automatically highlights the most exciting parts of any video using Amazon SageMaker Studio notebooks. Perfect your highlight reel generation system by fine-tuning your multi-modal LLM with custom text-image/video pairs using SageMaker training jobs. Finally, deploy your fine-tuned model as a SageMaker-hosted endpoint. Also learn to deploy a low-latency, production-ready Streamlit app UI on AWS. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT403 | Build a web-scale application with purpose-built databases & analytics


In this workshop, learn to build modern web applications at scale using purpose-built databases. Discover how to apply development patterns using Amazon Aurora, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon ElastiCache, Amazon Neptune, and Amazon OpenSearch Service to build a fully functional and scalable bookstore ecommerce application, and dive deep into best practices along the way. Basic familiarity with AWS concepts and services such as AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), Amazon VPC, networking, and storage services is recommended. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS311 | Build efficient serverless APIs with Powertools for AWS Lambda


Explore the pragmatic considerations for building serverless applications in this code talk. Learn how many AWS Lambda functions should comprise a single API, and discover techniques for progressively improving your API event handlers. Understand the challenges, solutions, and trade-offs involved in creating modular, well-architected Lambda “monoliths” (Lambdaliths). Gain insights into using Powertools for Lambda to construct efficient monolithic and microservice Lambda function architectures. Leave with a clear approach for structuring your serverless APIs using the Lambdalith and other patterns.

STG310 | Build fast, scalable infrastructure for AI/ML with AWS storage


High-performance storage is essential for efficient and cost-effective machine learning (ML) and large language model (LLM) training for generative AI. Managing intensive GPUs and accelerators like AWS Trainium requires optimized storage solutions. Amazon S3 and Amazon FSx for Lustre offer scalability and compute acceleration for workloads, from time to first byte to multi-petabyte scales. In this workshop, learn how to use Amazon S3 and FSx for Lustre with Amazon SageMaker and monitor them using Amazon CloudWatch, and discover how to achieve the best performance for your workload. You must bring your laptop to participate.

FWM309 | Build full-stack, real-time generative AI applications on AWS


Learn how to create applications that use real-time data and generative AI to improve user engagement. In this workshop, build a multiplayer trivia application with scoring, leaderboards, and game state updates. Use AWS Amplify to connect an application frontend to a serverless backend built with an AWS AppSync GraphQL API. You must bring your laptop to participate.

FWM304 | Build generative AI applications with full-stack TypeScript


Create powerful generative AI web applications using the TypeScript-based developer experience of AWS Amplify. In this hands-on builders’ session, build AI-driven features like intelligent search, summarization, content generation, and interactive AI assistants. Learn to integrate core application components, including data management and user authentication. By the end of the session, deploy your finished application to the cloud and gain practical experience developing and launching a full-stack AI application. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAM310 | Build generative AI assistants for SAP supply chain and manufacturing


SAP customers must take full advantage of their enterprise data to stay ahead. In this hands-on workshop, use SAP, generative AI, and both structured and unstructured data to optimize multiple manufacturing processes. Build a secure generative AI assistant to engage with SAP supply chain data using a conversational interface to identify top-performing suppliers, dependencies, and risk factors. Next, employ a generative AI agent to promptly address machinery issues on the shop floor leveraging unstructured data to advise users on immediate solutions and triggering processes in SAP to deploy additional resources when necessary. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT301 | Build generative AI–powered search with Amazon Aurora and Amazon RDS


The integration of embeddings generated from LLMs for Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL-Compatible Edition and Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL presents a powerful and efficient solution for optimizing the product catalog similarity search experience. By using foundation models and vector embeddings, businesses can enhance the accuracy and speed of similarity searches by using Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), which ultimately leads to improved user satisfaction and a more personalized experience. In this workshop, build your own generative AI applications with Amazon Bedrock using Aurora PostgreSQL as your vector database. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API402 | Building advanced workflows with AWS Step Functions


Are you an experienced serverless developer building applications with AWS Step Functions workflows? Are you wondering when to use a Map state, a Parallel state, or a nested workflow? In this session, learn how you can use generative AI to generate state machines automatically from textual descriptions and chat with your workflow to optimize it. Learn about architectural best practices and repeatable patterns for building advanced workflows. Discover how to build secure, high-scale, and high-performance serverless applications while being cost-effective. This session shares real production scenarios to illustrate the benefits for you.

MFG302 | Building a generative AI–based manufacturing digital thread


Manufacturers have vast amounts of knowledge dispersed across the product lifecycle, often resulting in limited visibility, significant knowledge gaps, and the inability to continuously improve. A digital thread offers an integrated approach to combine disparate data sources across enterprise systems to drive traceability, accessibility, collaboration, and agility. In this workshop, learn how to create an intelligent manufacturing digital thread using a combination of knowledge graph and generative AI technologies based on the data generated throughout the product lifecycle. Explore several use cases and discover actionable steps to kick-start your intelligent digital thread journey. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS206 | Building an event sourcing system using AWS serverless technologies


In this chalk talk, explore strategies for building effective event sourcing architectures using AWS serverless technologies. Learn how event sourcing stores the application state as an append-only event log, preserving context and enabling traceability. Discover powerful benefits like auditing, fault tolerance, root cause analysis, and event-driven architectures across industries and applications. Learn how to distinguish event sourcing from patterns like event streaming and domain-driven design. Leave with practical insights into leveraging serverless for implementing event sourcing to gain audit visibility, fault tolerance, and visibility into your application state.

API208 | Building an integration strategy for the future


Boost productivity and create better customer experiences by building a modern integration strategy. This session explores using AWS application, data, and file integration services to connect on-premises and cloud technologies securely and at scale. Discover common integration patterns, best practices, and practical use cases. Learn how to build a robust, extensible, scalable, and cost-effective integration strategy for the future.

SVS205 | Building a serverless web application for a theme park


In this workshop, learn how to build a complete serverless web application for a popular theme park called Innovator Island. The theme park is rolling out a mobile app that provides thousands of visitors with wait times, photo opportunities, notification alerts, and language translation. Get hands-on experience building a scalable serverless application with a single-page application frontend that delivers a feature-rich user experience. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MFG305 | Building a smart factory with Amazon Q Business


Learn how to build and deploy an AI assistant that seamlessly integrates with AWS services, enabling interaction with your industrial data in real time. Imagine an assistant that can answer questions like “What is the OEE for this line?” or compose maintenance requests. This workshop walks through the process of deploying an API to interface with industrial IoT services and creating a custom plugin in Amazon Q Business. Coding experience isn’t required, but some API design and industrial automation knowledge is helpful. Leave this workshop with a functional AI assistant that can be tailored to your factory’s needs. You must bring your laptop to participate.

OPN303 | Building a universal semantic layer on AWS using Cube.js


In today’s data-driven world, organizations are grappling with the challenge of providing consistent and trusted insights across multiple data consumers, including BI tools, embedded analytics, and AI agents. Enter Cube.js, an open source project that helps you build a universal semantic layer, bridging the gap between your data sources and data consumers. In this hands-on workshop, learn how to use Cube.js to create a unified data model that can be consumed by various applications, ensuring data consistency and governance. Explore how to connect to different data sources on AWS and define metrics and dimensions using Cube.js’s developer-friendly approach. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API203 | Building common orchestrated workflows with AWS Step Functions


Accelerate your data processing journey in this hands-on AWS Step Functions workshop. Build orchestrated data processing, async processing, and distributed transaction use cases. Discover how to simplify managing and scaling distributed data processing, offload undifferentiated tasks, and overcome serverless parallelism challenges. Through real-world examples and best practices, gain skills to unlock new business value. Leave with a deeper understanding of how to use AWS Step Functions to build scalable, efficient, cost-effective data processing architectures. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API309 | Building EDAs with Apache Kafka and Amazon EventBridge


In this chalk talk, explore the convergence of event-driven architectures (EDAs) and real-time event streaming to meet modern business needs. Learn about Amazon EventBridge, Apache Kafka, and their roles in facilitating real-time decision-making, business velocity, and operational autonomy. Discover how combining EventBridge and Kafka unlocks rapid event-driven processes. See how Amazon MSK, EventBridge event buses/pipes, and Kafka connectors empower building scalable, resilient EDAs. Leave with insights into leveraging this powerful combination.

API204 | Building event-driven architectures


Many organizations choose to build event-driven application architectures in which subscribers or target services automatically perform in response to events triggered by publisher or source services. This pattern can help development teams operate more independently to release new features faster and make their applications more scalable. In this workshop, learn about the basics of event-driven design using examples involving Amazon SNS, Amazon SQS, AWS Lambda, Amazon EventBridge, and more. Find out how to choose the right AWS service for the job and how you can optimize cost and performance. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC301 | Building generative AI applications using Amazon Bedrock


This Amazon Bedrock session teaches you how to use generative AI models for tasks like writing summaries, answering questions, and building chatbots. The session is based on real-world use cases and provides you with hands-on experience using API calls, software tools, and open source libraries. Discover how to use generative AI to improve your efficiency and build your own AI-powered applications.

FWM306 | Building GraphQL APIs with AWS AppSync


In this workshop, discover the functionality of AWS AppSync, a fully managed service that makes it easy to develop GraphQL APIs. Learn how AWS AppSync handles the heavy lifting of securely connecting to data sources like Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon Bedrock, AWS Lambda, and more. You must bring your laptop to participate.

HYB301 | Building highly available and fault-tolerant edge applications


Organizations need to be able to deploy highly available and fault-tolerant applications at the edge. These workloads are often some of the most demanding in terms of durability and availability requirements. Deploying workloads on AWS hybrid cloud and edge computing services like AWS Local Zones and AWS Outposts requires planning for networking, compute, storage, and other failure modes. In this chalk talk, dive deep into each of these services, review use cases, and examine reference architectures. Learn design considerations, deployment patterns, and best practices for high availability and disaster recovery.

API303 | Building modern API architectures: Which front door should I use?


Architects have a number of options for building modern APIs, including REST, GraphQL, and real-time APIs. In this chalk talk, explore these options along with their benefits and drawbacks. The talk then covers practical use cases that show how to implement each style of API on AWS, including using managed services such as Amazon API Gateway, AWS IoT, and AWS AppSync.

ARC303 | Building, operating, and testing resilient Multi-AZ applications


In this workshop, get hands-on experience building, operating, and testing a resilient Multi-AZ application. Use Amazon CloudWatch dashboards, insights rules, and composite alarms to observe the health of your application. Then, inject randomized faults using AWS Fault Injection Service to simulate a variety of Single-AZ impairments. Also, learn how to use AWS CodeDeploy to perform zonal deployments and experience deployment failures. Finally, use Amazon Route 53 zonal shift to recover from these failures and protect your customer experience. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SUP401 | Building operational resilience in workloads using generative AI


Building operational resilience requires proactive identification and mitigation of risks. In this workshop, use AWS managed generative AI services in real-world scenarios to learn how to assess readiness, proactively improve your architecture, react quickly to events, troubleshoot issues, and implement effective observability practices. Also use AWS Countdown and the AWS Well-Architected Framework as the entry point reference frameworks to leverage generative AI services for operation. Through hands-on activities, learn strategies for debugging issues, detecting anomalies and incidents, and optimizing architectures to improve the resilience of your workloads. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API304 | Building rate-limited solutions on AWS


Does your scalable service overwhelm backends that can’t keep up? Do you need to integrate with rate-limited third-party APIs? Attend this chalk talk to learn some of the best ways to build rate limiting into your systems for improved reliability. After a quick overview of AWS rate limiting tools, dive into the details of three different implementations. Leave with practical strategies to prevent downstream bottlenecks from impacting your application’s performance.

COP308 | Building resilient architectures with observability


As cloud-based applications become increasingly complex and dynamic, ensuring resilience and reliability is a critical concern for organizations. In this workshop, explore how to use AWS services, including AWS Resilience Hub, Amazon CloudWatch, and AWS Fault Injection Service, to build resilient and reliable cloud-based applications. Learn how to implement observability strategies that enable proactive monitoring, rapid incident response, and continuous improvement. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAE301 | Building resilient live video streaming with AWS Media Services


The viewership of livestreaming events has been increasing annually, and some sports events are now only available online. Fans watching any of these events have high expectations for perfect coverage on any screen. In this chalk talk, see examples of how to use AWS Media Services along with Amazon CloudFront and other AWS services to build highly available live video streaming workflows. Learn about running workflows across different AWS Regions to provide streams with seamless failover between encoding and packaging legs. Discuss how trade-offs for cost, operational complexity, latency, and scale affect workflow design and resulting resilience and reliability levels.

HLS205 | Building scalable drug discovery applications


Learn how to accelerate scientific discovery by building, orchestrating, and visualizing computer-aided drug discovery workflows using AWS HealthOmics, state-of-the-art biological foundation models, and Jupyter. In this workshop, build multiple drug discovery workflows using Amazon SageMaker, NVIDIA BioNeMo, and HealthOmics, and then scale them to process thousands of predictions simultaneously. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS307 | Building secure serverless applications


In this hands-on workshop, learn techniques to secure a serverless application built with AWS Lambda, Amazon API Gateway, and Amazon Aurora. Discover AWS services and features that you can use to improve the security of a serverless application in five domains: identity and access management, infrastructure, data, code, and logging and monitoring. Finally, explore new features including integrations with Amazon Inspector and Amazon GuardDuty. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS404 | Building serverless distributed data processing workloads


Enterprises today face an ever-increasing need to process large-scale data to meet their business goals and unlock new value. Distributed data processing offers a cost-efficient way to speed up processing, but it also presents challenges for developers in managing the parallelism within serverful environments. In this workshop, learn how serverless technologies like AWS Step Functions and AWS Lambda can help you simplify management and scaling, offload undifferentiated tasks, and address the challenges of distributed data processing. Also, discover use cases, best practices, and resources that can help you accelerate your data processing journey. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC209 | Build modern applications with AWS NoSQL databases


Do you need to deliver applications with consistent, high performance and nearly unlimited throughput and storage? Learn to build modern applications using AWS purpose-built NoSQL databases. This bootcamp is for developers, architects, and database engineers who want to build applications that involve complex data characteristics and millisecond performance requirements from their databases. Learn about using AWS purpose-built databases to build a typical modern application with diverse access patterns and real-time scaling needs.

ANT402 | Build open table data lakes for real-time insights with Apache Iceberg


In this hands-on workshop, learn how to build a reliable and scalable streaming ingestion pipeline into Apache Iceberg–based data lakes on AWS to build a highly available, real-time data platform that can adapt to evolving data requirements. Through a series of guided exercises, learn how to use AWS streaming services to ingest data into Iceberg tables on Amazon S3 and use Amazon EMR to process the data. Implement Iceberg’s key capabilities, including atomic writes, schema evolution, and error handling for metadata management, to gracefully handle schema changes and data errors. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP401 | Build & optimize models on AWS Trainium using Neuron Kernel Interface


Neuron empowers AI scientists and researchers to invent new model architectures, build the next generation of foundation models on AWS Trainium, and push the boundaries of generative AI research and open source innovation. In this code talk, learn how to use Neuron Kernel Interface to build innovative compute kernels that outperform existing techniques and build highly optimized kernels to maximize performance for the most critical or differentiated parts of your models. You must bring a laptop to participate.

STG311 | Build protection and cost-optimize using Amazon EBS snapshots


Data protection and reducing long-term data retention costs are top priorities for most organizations. Join this workshop to learn how to protect Amazon EBS volumes with EBS snapshots. Walk through examples of scripting data protection workflows to achieve faster backup at lower costs using EBS direct APIs. Explore the EBS Snapshots Archive tier, which can save you up to 75% in snapshot storage costs. Learn ways to protect and optimize your EBS resources, including encryption best practices, access and data security management, and strategies for optimal cost savings. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG402 | Build ransomware data recovery and response with AWS Backup


Ransomware and malware continue to disrupt business applications. This expert-level workshop applies AWS Backup locking mechanisms, logically air-gapped vaults, and restore testing to help strengthen cyber recovery posture. Explore configuring air-gapped, immutable vaults and automating recovery point testing to meet objectives. See how you can combine these features to build a comprehensive, recovery-focused data protection strategy that can help withstand evolving cyber threats. Through hands-on exercises, gain practical experience designing, deploying, and maintaining a resilient backup and recovery solution using AWS Backup. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM302 | Build responsible AI applications with Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock


Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock enables organizations to deliver consistently safe and moderated user experiences through generative AI applications, no matter the underlying FM. Join this session to learn about using guardrails in Amazon Bedrock to specify disallowed topics and moderation filters to keep interactions between FMs and users relevant and free of harmful content. See a demo of how to create and apply custom tailored guardrails with FMs and Agents for Amazon Bedrock to implement responsible AI policies within your generative AI applications.

AIM324 | Build responsible gen AI apps with Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock


In this workshop, dive into building responsible generative AI applications using Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock. Develop a generative AI application from scratch, test its behavior, and discuss the potential risks and challenges associated with uncontrolled language models. Use guardrails to filter undesirable topics, block harmful content, avoid prompt injection attacks, and handle sensitive information such as PII. Learn how to detect and avoid hallucinations in model responses that are not grounded in your data. See how you can create and apply custom tailored guardrails directly with FMs and fine-tuned FMs on Amazon Bedrock to implement responsible AI policies within your generative AI applications. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AUT302 | Build, run & scale multi-container AV/ADAS simulations with AWS Batch


It can be complex, time-consuming, and error-prone to run autonomous vehicle and advanced driver assistance system (AV/ADAS) simulations using a single container due to the diversity of simulation components (simulation environment, test scenarios, software under test). In this hands-on workshop, learn how to use AWS Batch to run your AV/ADAS simulations as logical independent containers, in parallel, at scale. Build a CARLA simulation in an Amazon ECS/Amazon EC2 compute environment using separate containers for the simulation and autonomy stacks. Run multiple scenarios, upload the results to Amazon S3, and view them in a dashboard. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT316 | Build scalable and cost-optimized apps with Amazon Aurora Serverless


Amazon Aurora Serverless represents a paradigm shift in database management, offering a serverless architecture that seamlessly scales compute and memory resources based on application demand. In this session, dive deep into the Amazon Aurora Serverless v2 architecture, new innovations, and best practices for building scalable and cost-optimized applications with this on-demand, auto scaling configuration for Aurora.

DOP303 | Build software faster with Amazon CodeCatalyst


In this workshop, learn about creating continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines using Amazon CodeCatalyst. CodeCatalyst is a unified software development service on AWS that brings together everything teams need to plan, code, build, test, and deploy applications with continuous CI/CD tools. Explore how to utilize AWS services and integrate AWS resources into your projects by connecting your AWS accounts. With all of the stages of an application’s lifecycle in one tool, you can deliver quality software quickly and confidently. You must bring your laptop to participate.

FWM303 | Build SSR applications with AWS Amplify Gen 2


Next.js continues to gain momentum as the preferred server-side rendering (SSR) React framework for frontend and full-stack web developers. Join this workshop to learn how to develop and deploy a Next.js application with the new AWS Amplify Gen 2 developer experience. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM310 | Build your own ML models or access ready-to-use FMs without code


Building machine learning (ML) models involves complex and time-consuming tasks from data preparation to model deployment. Amazon SageMaker Canvas makes it easy to build ML workflows using ready-to-use foundation models (FMs) from Amazon Bedrock or Amazon SageMaker JumpStart, or by building highly accurate custom ML models without writing a single line of code. In this workshop, learn to use the latest FMs and build custom ML models through hands-on exercises. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS211 | Celebrating 10 years of pioneering serverless and containers


Ten years ago, AWS Lambda pioneered serverless computing. Amazon ECS with AWS Fargate further catalyzed the serverless revolution. With serverless, builders are able to focus on delivering customer value instead of spending time managing servers. Serverless continues to be an innovative approach to building applications. Join this session to explore how serverless has evolved to help organizations drive the highest performance, availability, and security at low costs. Learn from leaders charged with defining the next generation of serverless how serverless powers applications across Amazon and AWS.

CMP201 | Choose the optimal compute environment for your AI/ML workloads


Ready to run your generative AI workloads on AWS? If you’re trying to decide between accelerators such as AWS Inferentia and AWS Trainium, GPUs from NVIDIA and AMD, processors such as AWS Graviton, or managed services such as Amazon Bedrock and Amazon SageMaker, this chalk talk has got you covered. Come explore the different options you have available on AWS, unpack their advantages and trade-offs, and get help choosing the option that is best for your workload and budget.

XNT305 | Choose the right AI service for your .NET use case


With AWS AI services, you can enrich your .NET applications with capabilities like natural language processing, translation, and image analysis. And with generative AI, you can add powerful capabilities like text summarization, content generation, and visual reasoning. In this demo-heavy coding session, explore when and how to use AWS AI services and generative AI services with AWS SDK for .NET. Learn how to build a sample intelligent document processing application with both AI and generative AI capabilities using a generative AI–powered assistant to help write the code.

GAM304 | Cloud game development toolkit


The cloud game development toolkit is an open source repository that simplifies the deployment of build pipelines on AWS. It comes complete with best-practice Terraform modules for a variety of common industry tools like Jenkins and Perforce and can be extended or integrated into an existing environment easily. In this chalk talk, learn about the flexible design of the cloud game development toolkit that allows builders to pick and choose which tools they may need without using those that they already have solutions for.

IMP101 | Cloud innovation for a cause: One organization’s all-in AWS journey


Nonprofits face a big challenge: increasing giving to drive more global impact. Bonterra, one of the world’s largest social good software companies, is going all in on AWS to help nonprofits get more for their missions. Join us as Bonterra shares their cloud journey—rapidly migrating from data centers to AWS, rearchitecting applications with cloud-native services, and sunsetting legacy tech debt. Hear how this decision—and adopting services like Amazon SES and Amazon Q—drive more impact across fundraising, grant management, and strategic philanthropy. The end result: a major step toward Bonterra’s mission to create $573 billion in new annual global impact by 2033.

KUB304 | Cloud-native Java on AWS


Learn how to build cloud-native Java applications based on best practices, and discover ways you can optimize for performance. In this builders’ session, gain hands-on experience building cloud-native Java applications with Amazon Corretto and Spring Boot. In addition, explore how to use Amazon Q Developer to simplify the creation of new Java functionality and increase development speed, and learn how to deploy Java applications on Amazon EKS. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ACT110 | Community Events Desk


Stop by the Community Events Desk to learn more about re:Invent events happening during the week! AWS re:Invent 5K run sign-up and packet pickup is available Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday.

ACT108 | Community Events Desk


Stop by the Community Events Desk to learn more about re:Invent events happening during the week! AWS re:Invent 5K run sign-up and packet pickup is available Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday.

ACT112 | Community Events Desk


Stop by the Community Events Desk to learn more about re:Invent events happening during the week! AWS re:Invent 5K run sign-up and packet pickup is available Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday.

ACT111 | Community Events Desk


Stop by the Community Events Desk to learn more about re:Invent events happening during the week! AWS re:Invent 5K run sign-up and packet pickup is available Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday.

ACT109 | Community Events Desk


Stop by the Community Events Desk to learn more about re:Invent events happening during the week! AWS re:Invent 5K run sign-up and packet pickup is available Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday.

TNC210 | Configuration, compliance, and audit


This hands-on bootcamp equips you with the ability to enable effective cloud compliance management. Learn how to centralize AWS Config data, create AWS CloudTrail Lake queries, deploy conformance packs, configure automatic remediation, and track infrastructure and application changes. Also explore how to enable AWS Config, create CloudTrail Lake event stores, and use advanced event selectors. Discover how to use AWS compliance capabilities so you can implement a robust cloud compliance strategy and accelerate customer opportunities within your organization.

STG309 | Configuring Amazon S3 security settings and access controls


Amazon S3 provides security settings and granular access controls to suit virtually any workload. In this workshop, learn how you can manage access and define user and resource-based policies at scale to fit your needs with Amazon S3 access management tools. In addition, learn how you can monitor and audit who is accessing what data, including from where and when. Explore scenarios involving different security requirements, and walk through how you can apply different Amazon S3 tools and capabilities to meet those requirements. You must bring your laptop to participate.

COP401 | Connecting the dots: Get hands-on experience with distributed tracing


Distributed tracing is a crucial observability technique for understanding complex, microservices-based applications on AWS. In this builders’ session, learn how to use Amazon CloudWatch to instrument your applications and collect tracing data, allowing you to identify performance bottlenecks, debug issues, and optimize your systems. Leave this session with the knowledge and skills to unlock the full potential of distributed tracing and enhance the observability of your AWS-based applications, driving better decision-making for your business. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS209 | Containers or functions: Navigating the path for cloud-native success


In this session, explore the fundamental differences between containers and serverless functions. Investigate real-world scenarios to gain insights into choosing the right approach based on workload requirements, deployment scenarios, and operations. Understand the architectural, scalability, and operational contrasts between these pivotal cloud technologies. Finally, discover synergies in combining them to leverage their collective strengths. Leave with a clear understanding of when to use containers, serverless functions, or a hybrid model for your application needs.

SUP301 | Continuous cost and sustainability optimization with Amazon Q


Optimize cost and sustainability of AWS workloads with the help of generative AI. In this workshop, explore how to use AWS services that are designed to optimize your infrastructure and workloads. Through real-world scenarios, learn best practices for cost and sustainability optimization. Discover how to empower application owners with clear, actionable tasks enabled by detection mechanisms for identifying anomalies and inefficiencies. Implement strategies with data from multiple AWS services, gaining practical experience in driving cost efficiencies while aligning with sustainability goals. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP202 | Continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) for AWS


AWS provides one place where you can plan work, collaborate on code, and build, test, and deploy applications with continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) tools. In this session, learn about creating complete CI/CD pipelines using infrastructure as code on AWS.

DAT306 | Convert, migrate, and replicate your databases with AWS DMS


In this workshop, learn how you can easily and securely migrate and continuously replicate a database to AWS. Using the managed features of AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS), walk through the end-to-end migration steps to modernize a self-managed database using an AWS managed database engine like Amazon Aurora or Amazon RDS. Learn how to convert schemas and database code and then migrate and replicate data with AWS DMS on an ongoing basis to enable integrations with Amazon Kinesis, Amazon S3, and more. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BIZ301 | Crafting AI-powered SMS conversations with Amazon Pinpoint


In this hands-on builders’ session, walk through how to use Amazon Pinpoint SMS with other AWS services to build scalable and interactive SMS programs. Start by building and sending order confirmations, requesting that end users reply back with specific responses. Then, explore how to handle unexpected end user responses. Learn how to route complex queries using natural language processing via AWS AI services to an Amazon Connect contact center (or to a system of your choice) to enable support via a contact agent to ensure a seamless and intuitive customer experience. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MKT303 | Create content fast with generative AI models from AWS Marketplace


In this builders’ session, gain hands-on experience using pretrained generative AI models from AWS Marketplace to create content for practical business use cases. Learn how you can use leading generative AI models while maintaining privacy. These third-party models from AWS Marketplace are deployed to Amazon SageMaker in your own AWS account, which ensures that the prompts, data, and model responses stay within the boundaries of your account and are not shared with model providers. This is important for business use cases where competitive or confidential information may be used with models. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS203 | Create your first API from scratch with OpenAPI and Amazon API Gateway


In this builders’ session, learn how to design and provision complete APIs using infrastructure as code. Follow the OpenAPI specification for API design, leveraging extensions to interact with Amazon API Gateway. Configure features like caching, rate limiting, message transformation, payload validation, and API keys with usage plans for backend integration. Leave with practical skills for defining and deploying APIs as code adhering to the OpenAPI standard. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP315 | Creating immersive 3D digital twins from photos, videos, and LiDAR


Join spatial computing specialists as they show you how to build a digital twin in this interactive workshop using NVIDIA Omniverse. Using provided photos, videos, and LiDAR sources, you build a real-time 3D replica of a bike factory demo and compare your digital twin to the physical demo on the Expo floor. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP302 | Creating secure code with Amazon Q Developer


In this builders’ session, gain hands-on experience using Amazon Q Developer to create secure code. Write unit tests, optimize code, and scan for vulnerabilities, and discover how Amazon Q Developer suggests remediations that help fix your code instantaneously. Also, learn how you can use Amazon Q Developer security scanning to outperform other publicly benchmarkable tools on detection across popular programming languages. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM303 | Customize FMs with advanced techniques using Amazon SageMaker


Amazon SageMaker allows data scientists and ML engineers to accelerate their generative AI journeys by deeply customizing publicly available foundation models (FMs) and deploying them into production applications. The journey begins with Amazon SageMaker JumpStart, an ML hub that provides access to hundreds of publicly available FMs, such as Llama 3, Falcon, and Mistral. Join this session to learn how you can evaluate FMs, select an FM, customize it with advanced techniques, and deploy it—all while implementing AI responsibility, simplifying access control, and enhancing transparency.

HYB305 | Cutting-edge AI: Real-time anomaly detection and forecasting


In the fast-paced industrial automation world, leveraging machine learning (ML) and foundation models (FMs) makes a significant difference in detecting anomalies, forecasting trends, and ensuring smooth operations. Running these models at the edge facilitates local data processing, low latency, and resilience against connectivity issues, enabling seamless operations in distributed environments. In this immersive workshop, gain hands-on experience deploying pre-trained ML models and fine-tuned small large language models (LLMs) on AWS Outposts servers at edge locations. Discover how these models can identify anomalies, forecast trends, and provide real-time assistance, supporting data-driven decisions and smoothing operations. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ANT301 | Data engineering for ML and AI with AWS analytics


The performance and accuracy of AI and ML systems directly depend on the quality, relevance, and integrity of the training data. Data engineering plays a crucial role in ensuring high-quality data is available, accessible, and usable for successful AI and ML implementations, allowing models to learn, reason, and act effectively. This session explores how AWS analytics provides complete engineering solutions for ingesting, storing, processing, and integrating data for AI and ML applications, addressing challenges such as cleaning and transforming real-time data streams, ingesting, integrating, and storing data from diverse sources into a unified view with orchestrated scalability.

ANT302 | Data foundation in the age of generative AI


Generative AI is compelling organizations to reevaluate their data strategy. While data foundations like pipelines, architectures, stores, and governance need to evolve, businesses also aim to maintain cost efficiency and maximize performance in their generative AI adoption. In this session, learn how laying your data foundation on AWS provides the guidance and building blocks to balance both needs, and discover how to grow your data strategy for generative AI applications.

PEX302 | Data foundations and Amazon Q for Business generative AI workshop


Successful generative AI projects are built on solid data foundations that include data quality, data privacy, and data governance tools and techniques. Join this workshop to get hands-on experience building a chatbot for a regulated scenario, such as health care and life sciences. Gain insights on data enrichment and cataloging tools, and expose your chatbot to customer interaction with Amazon Q for Business. You must bring your laptop to participate. This workshop is intended for AWS Partners.

DAT305 | Data modeling core concepts for Amazon DynamoDB


Join this session to learn the core concepts of Amazon DynamoDB data modeling. Explore best practices for common access patterns used by DynamoDB customers for applications that need consistent, fast performance at any scale. Developers experienced with DynamoDB can learn best practices and trade-offs to make when deciding on single-table and multi-table designs, indexing strategies, and more.

DAT310 | Data models for Amazon Neptune using gen AI and diagram-as-code tools


In this chalk talk, learn how to use generative AI and diagram-as-code tools for rapid graph data modeling. Discover how to create an initial graph data model capturing essential objects and relationships that also meets specific criteria, such as being researched, answering queries, and avoiding implementation lock-in. A well-designed data model in Amazon Neptune is crucial for efficient querying and project success. This approach enables data architects, even those unfamiliar with graph modeling, to overcome the initial hurdles and deliver a design that the team can rally around.

SEC307 | Data perimeter challenge


Build actual data perimeter policies in real time based on provided requirements. Test that your policies work with an assessment tool that evaluates if you’ve effectively completed the data perimeter requirement. Leave this builders’ session understanding the tools that are available for you to ensure that only trusted identities are accessing trusted resources from expected networks. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP402 | Data privacy in LLM-based apps with AWS Nitro Enclaves


LLMs need to be supplied with additional context for organization-specific data to yield a better experience for customers across customer support, analytics, research, and other sensitive use cases. However, highly sensitive data used to achieve this fine-tuning has to be safeguarded from associated threat vectors. In this workshop, learn how AWS Nitro Enclaves can be used in existing LLM-based applications to protect sensitive data and models while they are being used in RAG, prompt modeling, and various other steps. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG301 | Data protection and resilience with AWS storage


Data continues to be one of the world’s most valuable resources. Data protection and resilience are critical to business success, helping to keep workflows running and allow business recovery from data loss events such as unplanned outages, natural disasters, and ransomware. Join this session to dive deep on how AWS storage offers organizations defense-in-depth data protection and resilience for application data across recovery point and time objectives, helping to mitigate risks with immutable solutions, restore testing, policy-based access controls, encryption, and auditing and reporting.

SEC201 | Data protection and risk assessment


Join this workshop to learn how to simplify selecting the right tools to mitigate your data protection risks while reducing costs. Follow the data protection lifecycle by conducting a risk assessment, selecting the effective controls to mitigate those risks, deploying and configuring AWS services to implement those controls, and performing continuous monitoring for audits. Leave knowing how to apply the right controls to mitigate your business risk using AWS advanced services for encryption, permissions, and multi-party processing. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API202 | Decoupling your data-driven applications with Amazon EventBridge Pipes


Decoupling services is one of the largest advantages of adopting a modern event-driven architecture, which can improve development agility and operational resilience. In this builders’ session, see how different services or even different applications can respond in real time to changes in an Amazon DynamoDB table using Amazon EventBridge Pipes and event buses. Learn to reduce coupling by prioritizing configuration over code, serverless over provisioned services, and generic over service-specific communication. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT405 | Deep dive into Amazon Aurora and its innovations


With an innovative architecture that decouples compute from storage and advanced features like Global Database and low-latency read replicas, Amazon Aurora reimagines what it means to be a relational database. Aurora is a modern database service offering unparalleled performance and high availability at scale with full open source MySQL and PostgreSQL compatibility. In this session, dive deep into the most exciting new features that Aurora offers, including Aurora Limitless Database, Aurora I/O-Optimized, Aurora zero-ETL integration with Amazon Redshift, and Aurora Serverless v2. Additionally, learn how the addition of the pgvector extension allows for the storage of vector embeddings and support of vector similarity searches for generative AI.

DAT317 | Deep dive on Amazon Neptune and its innovations


With an innovative architecture, a broad choice of graph data models and query languages, and advanced features like Neptune Serverless, global databases, low-latency read replicas, and in-memory graph computing, Amazon Neptune makes it easier to obtain connected data insights for use cases like knowledge graphs, customer 360, fraud, and security. In this session, dive deep on exciting features in Neptune including serverless and in-memory processing, multi-Region availability, and I/O-optimized storage. Also learn about the latest performance innovations and advanced topics for query optimization and rewriting to optimize for performance, which give you the background to solve different technical and operational challenges.

HYB302 | Deep dive on AWS hybrid and edge networking architectures


Whether you’re using AWS Outposts or AWS Local Zones to extend an AWS Region, there are important decisions to make about networking, including how to connect Outposts back to a Region, operate VPC networking with your on-premises environment, and connect your on-premises environment to an AWS Local Zone. This chalk talk covers how you can tether Outposts to a Region with private or public connectivity, what your BGP architecture should be for on-premises connectivity, how you can stretch services across two Outposts to build a resilient simulacrum of a Multi-AZ regional design, and connectivity options for AWS Local Zones.

COP201 | Defenders and dilemmas: An AWS tabletop adventure


AWS provides resiliency and incident response capabilities to help organizations react to developing events in a timely manner. In this workshop, participate in an interactive tabletop exercise covering several disaster scenarios. Through engaging role-play, take on one of several incident response personas, strategizing and working as a team to defend an organization from a variety of threats and dilemmas. Learn how AWS services (AWS Resilience Hub, AWS Elastic Disaster Recovery, AWS Fault Injection Service, and more), features, and programs can help you be better prepared for the unexpected. You must bring your laptop to participate.

INO102 | Define your next $1B opportunity with generative AI and work backwards


This collaborative workshop is for business and technical leaders who want to understand and experience Amazon’s customer-centric approach to innovation. The content is inspired by Amazon’s Working Backwards process—the same innovation mechanism used to develop products and services such as AWS, Amazon Prime, Amazon Kindle, Amazon Echo, Amazon Alexa, and Amazon Go. The workshop features activities that demonstrate the power of generative AI in the context of product innovation. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AES303 | Degas uses generative AI on AWS to help smallholder farmers in Ghana


Degas Ltd., a Japanese agri-fintech startup, uses AWS generative AI to help millions of smallholder farmers in Africa mitigate climate change impacts. Learn about how Degas developed a large language model–based advisor chatbot built on Amazon Bedrock that empowers field agents and smallholder farmers in Ghana with more sustainable agriculture practices, increases income, and scales global decarbonization. In this compelling chalk talk, discover Degas Ltd.’s innovative use of Retrieval Augmented Generation to promote regenerative agriculture practices.

IOT306 | Demystify AWS IoT Core for LoRaWAN


In this builders’ session, learn the essential steps to integrate a LoRaWAN gateway with AWS IoT Core for LoRaWAN. Learn how to onboard your first LoRaWAN device effectively and set up an AWS Lambda function to decode the payload. Leave this session with the practical skills to manage LoRaWAN communications with AWS, enhancing your IoT projects. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS308 | Demystifying Amazon ECS deployments for secure and automated releases


When running containerized applications on Amazon ECS, operations teams need to ensure that new software releases are rolled out safely with the ability to try out new releases and to quickly restore a service to a last known stable state. Join this workshop to gain hands-on experience with Amazon ECS deployment strategies. Dive deep into the different approaches, and learn how they can be automated as part of a CI/CD pipeline. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP307 | Demystifying LLM deployment and optimization with AWS Inferentia


Large language models (LLMs) show remarkable impact in a wide range of applications, but they pose significant cost and deployment challenges at scale. In this workshop, explore best practices for efficient LLM deployment using AWS Inferentia2-based Amazon EC2 Inf2 instances to maximize performance and lower costs. Learn review techniques like continuous batching, paged attention, flash attention, and others, and walk through serving libraries such as Hugging Face TGI and vLLM. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DPR101 | Demystifying LLMs with your AWS DeepRacer know-how


Building on AWS DeepRacer foundations, learn fine-tuning and pre-training techniques that use AWS managed services like Amazon SageMaker Jumpstart and Amazon Bedrock. Discover how smaller, fine-tuned large language models (LLMs) can outperform bigger models in solving diverse tasks. Develop crucial fit-for-purpose AI-customization skills that are essential to prepare you for an AI-driven future of work and innovation. Explore dataset preparation, model tuning, hyperparameter optimization, and evaluation. Fostering team-building and democratizing machine learning, this workshop is designed for both technical and nontechnical audiences and is accessible to anyone who wants to improve their generative AI skills. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC216 | Deploying a CI/CD pipeline with a managed deployment using AWS CDK


Attend this lab to learn how to deploy an existing containerized application. Create a pipeline to build and test the application. Then, add a deployment stage to the pipeline to automatically deploy code updates to test and production environments.

IOT307 | Deploy LLMs at the edge with AWS IoT


In this builders’ session, learn how to deploy offline LLMs and a web portal as AWS IoT Greengrass components. Discover how to synchronize contextual data from private sources or Amazon S3 to build local knowledge bases. Explore Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) for more relevant, accurate, and customized responses, and learn how to integrate multimodal local agents for complex edge tasks. This approach unlocks LLM power at the edge, helping ensure data privacy, low latency, and tailored experiences by combining contextual knowledge with edge computing and multimodal agent capabilities. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MFG301 | Design an industrial data foundation for generative AI in manufacturing


This chalk talk dives deep into the architectural patterns that underpin an industrial data strategy. This foundation is critical to enabling the application of generative AI for use cases such as assisted diagnosis and troubleshooting, advanced quality defect detection, and automated information modeling and digital threads. In addition to sharing and whiteboarding architectural patterns for operational and enterprise data ingestion, data storage and transformation, and contextualization, the talk showcases generative AI manufacturing use cases with live demos and code samples.

DAT416 | Design scalable database solutions with Aurora Limitless Database


With Amazon Aurora Limitless Database, you get the flexibility and familiarity of a relational database with the virtually limitless horizontal scale of a distributed database. In this chalk talk, learn how to architect a hyperscale solution featuring a managed sharded database. Dive deep into Aurora Limitless Database, and learn how to make design decisions such as picking the right shard key, choosing collocated and reference tables, and more. Hear directly from the experts in the field as they share lessons learned, best practices, and anti-patterns along the way to help you achieve virtually limitless scale.

DAT311 | Design secure and resilient relational database architectures on AWS


Overwhelmed with all the security best practices and trying to understand what makes sense for you to implement to protect your data? Join this chalk talk to learn how to deploy a secure and resilient architecture using all the security features that effectively integrate with your databases running on Amazon Aurora and Amazon RDS. Strengthen your enterprise’s security posture by discovering best practices and avoiding common pitfalls. Leave this talk equipped with all the latest security launches, knowing how to set them up and configure meaningful alerts to safeguard your data.

IOT309 | Design smart home solutions for resiliency and scalability on AWS IoT


Unlock the full potential of IoT in the smart home domain with AWS IoT. In this chalk talk, learn how to build robust and scalable smart home solutions with AWS IoT. Explore key considerations and best practices for designing resilient and scalable architectures that can handle large-scale deployments. From device connectivity and management to real-time interaction and control, discover the strategies and architectures that will empower you to create an IoT ecosystem that delights your consumers.

SUP302 | Detect, investigate & respond to security scenarios with generative AI


In this workshop, participate in an interactive tabletop exercise covering threat vectors like exposed AWS access keys, insecure security group ports, and unauthorized resource launches. Through engaging role-play, take on an incident response persona, strategizing and working together to defend an organization from security threats and dilemmas. Learn how to correlate data from sources including AWS CloudTrail, IAM Access Analyzer, AWS Config, and AWS Trusted Advisor using Amazon Q. Discover how to respond to incidents using AWS Systems Manager, AWS Lambda, and Amazon CloudWatch Events. Learn how AWS programs can help you prepare for the unexpected. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP304 | Develop AWS CDK resources to deploy your applications on AWS


In this workshop, learn how to build and deploy applications using infrastructure as code with AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK). Create resources using AWS CDK, and learn maintenance and operations tips. In addition, get an introduction to building your own constructs. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ARC304 | Disaster recovery on AWS


In this workshop, get hands-on experience implementing different AWS disaster recovery strategies while building a Unishop application. Each module throughout the workshop highlights the AWS strategies and services that have features that make it easy to implement a disaster recovery plan. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TLC301 | Discover generative AI’s transformative potential for telcos


In this workshop, explore three compelling telecommunications use cases using AWS services like Amazon Bedrock and Amazon Q, and learn how they support code generation and accelerate network operations. The workshop culminates with a customer care demo, revealing ways to elevate the customer experience. Come learn about opportunities to apply these cutting-edge technologies in an interactive environment. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT411 | Dive deep into Amazon Aurora query plan management


Do you deal with PostgreSQL query performance–related issues? In this code talk, explore advanced techniques for monitoring query plans in Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL-Compatible Edition and maintaining query plan stability using Aurora query plan management. This talk features live coding scenarios and interactive discussions to identify and address query plan regression. Gain deep insights into tools and methods to tweak PostgreSQL execution plans to ensure optimal query performance and stability in your databases. Learn practical insights and troubleshoot common issues in real time. This talk is designed for attendees who are familiar with PostgreSQL and basic query optimization concepts.

DAT406 | Dive deep into Amazon DynamoDB


This session provides a deep dive into Amazon DynamoDB and shares insights into how DynamoDB is architected and how it’s able to deliver the scalability and response times that customers have come to expect. Gain an in-depth understanding of how DynamoDB capabilities including TTL, global tables, and MemDS have been implemented.

DAT302 | Dive deep into Amazon DynamoDB using design puzzles


In this chalk talk, dive deep into how Amazon DynamoDB works at scale by collaboratively solving a few design puzzles that may seem simple but are actually complex. Learn how you can look beyond the obvious solution to find a more effective and scalable one with an understanding of how DynamoDB operates.

KUB303 | Dive deep into Amazon EKS fleet management


Elevate your Amazon EKS skills with this hands-on workshop designed for experienced builders. Learn how to create a unified internal developer platform for Amazon EKS clusters across environments using GitOps principles. Hone your skills in multi-cluster resource configuration, drift detection, and lifecycle management while ensuring compliance and security. Gain practical skills in implementing platform engineering for consistent resource states, enforcing policies across clusters, and centralizing logging, metrics, monitoring, and access control. Equip yourself with cutting-edge strategies to efficiently manage and secure your Amazon EKS fleet at scale. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP301 | Dive deep into the AWS Nitro System


The AWS Nitro System is a rich collection of building block technologies—including hardware offload and security components built by AWS—that are powering the recent and future generations of Amazon EC2 instances with an ever-broadening selection of compute, storage, memory, and networking options. In this session, dive deep into the AWS Nitro System, review its design and architecture, explore new innovations in the Nitro platform, and see how it has made the seemingly impossible possible.

STG302 | Dive deep on Amazon S3


Amazon S3 provides developers and IT teams with cloud object storage that delivers industry-leading scalability, durability, security, and performance. In this session, dive deep into the underlying architecture of S3 to see how it delivers virtually unlimited scale and elasticity, learn how the culture of data durability delivers consistent performance, and discover how these fundamentals combine to make S3 different from any other cloud storage. Also learn about the S3 storage classes and key features across security, access management, storage management, and more.

SEG201 | Driving profitable growth with innovative products


In this session, learn how product and technology officers at software companies continue to drive their innovation agenda, maintain differentiation, and avoid disruption. Technologies like generative AI have captured the imagination of the industry and are poised to bring in the next wave of advancements. However, software companies face challenges such as navigating the current macroeconomic climate and optimizing their capital allocation, profitability, and R&D priorities. Explore strategies for how product and technology officers can work together to build a strong foundation for business.

NET306 | Dual-stack global networks with AWS Cloud WAN and AWS Direct Connect


Get hands-on experience building a modern global network with AWS Cloud WAN and AWS Direct Connect. In this workshop, transform your network by replacing traditional data center interconnect circuits with AWS Direct Connect SiteLink. Also, dual-stack your hybrid network to prepare IPv6 connectivity for applications, and scale beyond limitations of IPv4 space. Finally, enhance your hybrid cloud network by implementing Amazon Route 53 Resolver endpoints with Route 53 Profiles to integrate your AWS and on-premises DNS infrastructure. Leave this workshop well-equipped to architect and deploy efficient hybrid network architectures. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IMP303 | Duct tape will only go so far: Making legacy workloads cloud-native


We all have workloads we’re not proud of: they’re old, often brittle, but they keep the mission running. Nonprofits have limited time and resources, so how do they even begin to upgrade or replace a legacy workload? In this builders’ session, get hands-on to move a legacy mission-based application into a modern cloud-native architecture. Migrate a monolithic application into a microservice architecture, model and move data into Amazon DynamoDB, and work with a variety of other cloud-native services. Leave this session knowing how to modernize your legacy workloads with confidence. You must bring your laptop to participate.

XNT401 | Easily port .NET Framework applications to Linux with Amazon Q


In this workshop, gain hands-on experience porting a .NET Framework application to cross-platform .NET. Use Amazon Q Code Transformation for .NET, a modernization tool powered by generative AI that significantly reduces the time to migrate applications from Windows Server to Linux. Learn how migrating to Linux helps you avoid additional licensing fees and gain performance and security benefits. You must bring your laptop to participate.

WPS303 | Education revolutionized with generative AI


Imagine a world where learning is no longer a one-size-fits-all experience but a personalized journey tailored to each individual’s needs. Learn how to harness the power of generative AI and AWS services to revolutionize the education space. In this workshop, see how generative AI can aid with different learning styles, productivity, and accessibility for students. Get ready to be inspired by the art of the possible in leveraging technology to transform the way people learn. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT415 | Effective Amazon Neptune data modeling strategies in the age of gen AI


The emergence of generative AI has also seen the rise of innovative new graph workloads like GraphRAG and natural language querying. In this chalk talk, learn how to deploy these new workload types on Amazon Neptune. Explore how these new workloads can change your approach to building graph data model and querying strategies.

SVS207 | Effectively model costs for your serverless applications


In this chalk talk, gain insights into modeling the cost of serverless applications on AWS. Learn how traditional approaches based on CPU, memory, storage, and networking costs don’t directly apply. Discover how to holistically model costs for distributed serverless architectures by considering request loads, payload sizes, and service pricing. Walk through an example serverless application architecture, and leave with practical knowledge for accurately estimating costs tailored to modern, serverless application designs.

NTA303 | Efficient cross-account VPC sharing for streamlined network management


For organizations considering or migrating to AWS, designing the VPC network architecture is a foundational step to achieve efficient management, cost-effectiveness, and the best performance. In addition to AWS networking best practices, the use of VPC sharing allows small admin teams to centrally manage large-scale networks and free development teams from infrastructure setup tasks. In this builders’ session, learn how to build a multi-account shared VPC architecture, and discover how DNS, AD integration, and routing operate in the environment. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT318 | Efficiently manage petabytes of vehicle video with AWS IoT and AI


In this interactive chalk talk, explore using AWS IoT and AI vision models to categorize “incident” versus “no incident” videos captured by fleet vehicle dashboard cameras, stored in Amazon S3. Learn how to move “no incident” videos to cost-effective storage tiers and use “incident” videos to train edge AI models that power real-time driver guidance. See how to use services like Amazon Kinesis Video Streams, Amazon SageMaker, Amazon S3, and Amazon SageMaker Ground Truth to address the challenges faced by transportation and logistics companies in managing petabytes of video data cost-effectively.

TLC303 | Elastic 5G core on Amazon EKS for disaster recovery and traffic burst


In this builders’ session, you learn how to use Amazon EKS to implement elastic scaling strategies for 5G core network functions, ensuring high availability and resilience. Explore cold standby Amazon EKS clusters for efficient disaster recovery across Availability Zones. Rapidly provision standby environments to handle failures or sudden traffic spikes. Implement gradual, intelligent scaling using Karpenter, provisioning worker nodes based on real-time resource utilization. Optimize costs while meeting dynamic workload demands. Hands-on labs guide you through configuring cold standby, setting up Karpenter, and simulating recovery scenarios. Gain practical experience with resilient, cost-effective scaling tailored for mission-critical 5G deployments. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC303 | Elevate AP with AWS AI/ML: Modernize SAP processes using generative AI


In this hands-on bootcamp, you are guided through an intelligent document processing scenario and shown how to automate a paper-to-post invoice management process by integrating SAP with AWS artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML) services natively using the AWS SDK for SAP ABAP. You also learn how you can build smart audit assistants using the Amazon Bedrock generative AI service to gain audit insights from invoices.

BIZ305 | Elevate service response with video using Amazon Connect, AI, and IoT


Attend this builders’ session to learn how to use video capabilities from Amazon Connect, integrated with generative AI for computer vision and Internet of Things (IoT), to implement an intelligent customer service response management solution. Experts guide you step-by-step through the process of integrating web video chat in Amazon Connect with AI-powered IoT cameras for real-time event detection and analysis. You then act as contact center agents, receiving AI-powered recommendations from Amazon Q in Amazon Connect based on live video feeds (enabling immediate service responses and accurate personnel dispatch) and experiencing the power of visual guidance in customer service response management. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT304 | Elevate smart home experiences with IoT-based AI/ML models at the edge


The next generation of smart home solutions is expected to harness the power of AI to a new level, delivering unprecedented convenience, hyper-personalization, and elevated intelligence. Modern AI assistants will learn user preferences, schedules, and habits, enabling proactive automation tailored to individual needs. In this session, learn how to train ML models optimized for smart home devices, set up CI/CD pipelines to efficiently distribute model updates, and implement mechanisms to automatically capture device data for retraining. Also, see how AWS customers are combining AI, IoT, and seamless interoperability to transform living spaces into truly adaptive environments.

COP306 | Elevate your cost allocation strategy with AWS Cost Categories


AWS Cost Categories helps make cost allocation easier by mapping costs using billing dimensions like accounts and tags. In this builders’ session, get hands-on experience using AWS Cost Categories to create custom cost groupings, define category rules, and distribute shared costs. Dive deep into examples of advanced AWS Cost Categories implementations and explore best practices. Access to your AWS Organizations payer account is recommended for this session. You must bring your laptop to participate.

PEX401 | Embracing modern engineering techniques on AWS with Amazon Q


Unlock the power of generative AI for modern engineering on AWS in this immersive workshop. Gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge services like Amazon Q Developer, managed database services, and open source tools such as Backstage, Argo CD, and Crossplane on Amazon EKS. Harness features like Amazon Q Developer Agent for code transformation and for software development to streamline application development and modernize Java and .NET legacy code. Learn how to apply internal developer platforms with self-service templates and how to use fully automate progressive delivery tooling with modern databases. Harness generative AI to foster innovation, and unlock cloud-native experiences on AWS. This workshop is intended for AWS Partners.

INO101 | Emotionally intelligent leadership for an AI-powered future


As leaders create and navigate a future fueled by AI, they need to reimagine their leadership approaches, integrating their cognitive intelligence with their emotional intelligence to build adaptable, resilient, and innovative organizations. These leaders will have deep empathy for their customers and foster a culture of creativity and psychological safety among their employees. They will be data-driven but also authentically human. This session helps executives understand the EPIC attributes that empower future-ready leaders—empathy, purpose, inspiration, and connection—so they can drive successful outcomes for their businesses, their customers, and their people in the new human + AI era.

NTA404 | Empower executives: Self-service dashboards with Generative BI


In today’s data-driven business landscape, executives and decision-makers need real-time access to actionable insights. However, traditional business intelligence (BI) tools often require technical expertise and can be time-consuming to navigate. This hands-on workshop shows you how to empower your executives to get insights on their own. Leverage the latest Generative BI capabilities in Amazon QuickSight to build a powerful executive dashboard in minutes using natural language. Learn how Amazon Q makes it easier for business users to understand data with executive summaries, context-aware Q&A, and data stories that help drive decisions from insights. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TLC201 | Empowering AWS developers with telecom network capabilities


AWS is collaborating with telcos globally to offer developers access to programmable networks through APIs providing trusted network data like device location, SIM status, identity verification, and on-demand network quality control. AWS developers can combine these APIs with cloud and software components to build network-aware applications. Learn how AWS simplifies the discovery, subscription, and usage of network APIs from multiple telcos showcasing new applications across verticals on AWS. Hear how this initiative creates a new go-to-market channel for telcos, allowing them to monetize network assets by reaching the AWS global developer community, fostering innovation while unlocking new revenue streams.

MFG201 | Empowering the next-generation industrial operator with generative AI


Georgia-Pacific (GP) is one of the largest manufacturers of pulp and paper, dispensers, packaging, and wood and gypsum building products. Like many manufacturers, GP faces workforce attrition challenges as senior workers retire and apprentice operators need to upskill quickly. Hear how GP’s Amazon Bedrock–enabled industrial operator assistant provides a natural language interface for machine diagnostic troubleshooting based on unstructured data (SOP docs, machine manuals, etc.) and structured real-time machine data to retrieve and summarize relevant content in minutes. This reduces mean time to resolution by empowering apprentice workers to troubleshoot independently with real-time, contextualized machine data.

SMB302 | Empower your business with defense-in-depth architecture for gen AI


Generative AI promises transformative innovation, and as SMBs increasingly adopt generative AI applications, safeguarding these technologies with practical, cost-effective strategies is crucial. In this builders’ session, learn how to enhance your security posture by using defense in depth, and see an architecture with layered defenses across trust boundaries. Learn strategies to innovate while increasing resilience, build on the secure AWS infrastructure, and integrate AI/ML-specific security. Explore solutions like guardrails, observability, and responsible AI practices to ensure the safety and integrity of AI-powered solutions, harnessing generative AI while mitigating risks. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS303 | Enable fine-grained access control for your APIs


Implement fine-grained, context-aware access control for your APIs in this hands-on builders’ session. Explore how to define granular, policy-based access controls using roles and attributes with the expressive, open source Cedar policy language. Integrate with Amazon Cognito user pools via the Amazon Cognito authorizer to enforce these fine-grained permissions in your APIs. Learn practical skills for enhancing API security through attribute-based access policies tailored to your application's unique requirements. You must bring your laptop to participate.

HLS201 | End-to-end biological foundation model workflows for drug discovery


In this session, learn how to orchestrate multiple state-of-the-art (SOTA) biological foundation models (FMs) together to create a seamless drug discovery workflow using AWS HealthOmics. Explore how to combine multiple FMs, and get hands-on experience automating a canonical drug discovery pathway.

ANT403 | End-to-end data integration and data engineering on AWS


This comprehensive workshop equips data engineers, data scientists, data analysts, and data developers with the skills to navigate their entire data journey on AWS. Gain expertise in different data ingestion and integration techniques; explore data lake and data warehouse storage solutions; build data transformations; build, scale, and monitor data pipelines; deploy governance at scale; and dive into different data transformation methods to unlock data’s true potential. Leave this workshop empowered to build data products and manage robust transactional data lakes and data warehouses, transforming raw data into actionable intelligence. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ANT309 | Enhance insights for your data warehouse with zero-ETL & generative AI


Supercharge your data warehouse with zero-ETL and generative AI. In this workshop, explore zero-ETL architecture patterns that simplify data analysis by eliminating the need for complex pipelines and seamlessly integrate generative AI models into your Amazon Redshift data warehouse. Through a real-world retail scenario, learn how to integrate customer 360 data to generate personalized communications that are tailored to sentiment and product reviews by harnessing the power of AI and operational analytics from directly within your data warehouse. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BSI201 | Enhance your applications with Amazon QuickSight embedded analytics


Elevate your applications by embedding rich, interactive analytics powered by Amazon QuickSight. In this session, explore how to seamlessly integrate visualizations, dashboards, and ML-powered natural language query into your applications. Discover best practices for embedding these insights at scale, without managing any infrastructure. Go behind the scenes with a real-world use case showcasing how one company differentiated their offering by providing thousands of users with embedded analytics, self-service authoring tools, and scalable data exploration. Whether seeking to drive user engagement, enable data-driven decisions, or monetize analytics, learn how QuickSight can help you deliver exceptional embedded analytics effortlessly.

COP307 | Enhance your cloud operations efficiency with generative AI


In this builders’ session, discover how Amazon Q Developer, an AI coding assistant, can simplify the creation and maintenance of your AWS Systems Manager runbooks to improve your operational efficiency. Learn how to build your own runbooks by using Amazon Q to enhance code quality, readability, and maintainability. Find out how to generate high-quality documentation for your runbooks for clearer and more effective communication with your team and stakeholders. You must bring your laptop to participate.

HLS203 | Enhancing patient and clinician experiences with AWS HealthScribe


In this session, learn how to use AWS HealthScribe generative AI capabilities to build interactive healthcare applications that reduce clinician administrative burdens and improve patient experiences. You must bring your laptop to participate.

WPS401 | Enhancing public sector efficiency through generative AI


In this workshop, use leading models available on Amazon Bedrock to build intelligent, scalable business applications that optimize the delivery of critical citizen services. Delve into the capabilities of the models available on Amazon Bedrock, including prompt engineering and function tools, and utilize Amazon Q Developer to prototype and test solutions. By integrating these technologies with the Generative AI Application Builder on AWS solution, construct a real-world use case demonstrating how intelligent automation can streamline operations and enhance citizen experiences, addressing the challenges agencies and public organizations face. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT312 | Essentials for migrating from Oracle to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL


Migrating from Oracle to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL-Compatible Edition can be a transformative journey, offering significant cost savings and performance benefits. However, this transition requires careful planning and execution. In this chalk talk, discover the essential things you need to know to ensure a smooth and successful migration from Oracle to Aurora PostgreSQL and the optimal architectures to enable such a migration. Learn best practices and pitfalls to avoid from our seasoned experts, who have helped many customers walk this path.

AIM311 | Evaluate the performance of your generative AI app in Amazon Bedrock


In this workshop, explore how you can evaluate your RAG components in Amazon Bedrock. These frameworks often offer various tools, utilities, and metrics to assess the performance of RAG systems across different aspects, such as retrieval accuracy, generation quality, and factual consistency. By using open source frameworks, generative AI developers can rigorously evaluate RAG models, identify strengths and weaknesses, and make informed decisions about model selection and deployment. These frameworks also facilitate collaboration and knowledge sharing by promoting transparency and reproducibility. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SMB401 | Evaluate your RAG pipeline with Amazon Bedrock, LangChain, and Ragas


In this hands-on builders’ session, create an evaluation tool for Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) pipelines. While using Amazon Bedrock, LangChain, and Ragas (an open source RAG assessment framework), learn how to build an evaluation tool to grade your RAG pipeline across a variety of metrics to ensure it is providing correct answers while avoiding malicious or harmful responses. Leave this session with a customizable RAG evaluation tool to apply to your own RAG pipelines. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM318 | Evaluating Amazon Q Business applications to maximize business impact


In this builders’ session, learn how to develop a comprehensive evaluation framework for the outputs generated by Amazon Q Business. Explore how this framework can help you measure key metrics like truthfulness and completeness, allowing you to quantitatively assess the performance of your generative AI applications. By leveraging your private enterprise data and subject matter experts, you can ensure that the outputs are not only accurate but also tailored to the specific requirements of your business. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API307 | Event-driven architectures at scale: Manage millions of events


Enterprises producing millions of events daily face unique challenges around schema management, evolution, and observability when scaling event-driven architectures (EDAs). In this session, discover proven patterns for building high-scale, event-driven systems with Amazon EventBridge. Learn best practices for enforcing schemas, versioning to evolve schemas without downtime, and enabling schema discovery at scale. Explore observability strategies to effectively monitor event-driven systems, ensuring system health and resilience.

TNC105 | Exam Prep: AWS Certified AI Practitioner


Prepare for the AWS Certified AI Practitioner exam with this 90-minute study session. Review questions from the official practice question set. Ask questions of the subject matter expert leading the study session. Continue preparing for your exam with confidence following the four-step plan on AWS Skill Builder.

TNC211 | Exam prep: AWS Certified Data Engineer – Associate


Prepare for the AWS Certified Data Engineer – Associate exam with this 90-minute study session. Review questions from the official practice question set. Get your questions answered by the subject matter expert leading the study session. Continue preparing for your exam with confidence following the four-step plan on AWS Skill Builder.

TNC213 | Exam prep: AWS Certified Machine Learning Engineer – Associate


Prepare for the AWS Certified Machine Learning Engineer – Associate exam with this 90-minute study session. Review questions from the official practice question set. Get your questions answered by the subject matter expert leading the study session. Continue preparing for your exam with confidence following the four-step plan on AWS Skill Builder.

TNC212 | Exam prep: AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate


Prepare for the AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate exam with this 90-minute study session. Review questions from the official practice question set. Get your questions answered by the subject matter expert leading the study session. Continue preparing for your exam with confidence following the four-step plan on AWS Skill Builder.

QTC301 | Exploring hybrid quantum-classical computation with Amazon Braket


Hybrid algorithms, combining quantum and classical compute resources, are widely believed to be promising candidates for the first demonstrations of useful applications of quantum computers. Linear systems of equations, which play an important role in science and technology, are one such area where hybrid algorithms have been explored. In this workshop, learn how to use Amazon Braket Hybrid Jobs to implement the Variational Quantum Linear Solver algorithm to solve linear systems of equations on real quantum computers. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS304 | Extend generative AI capabilities with serverless containers and RAG


In this builders’ session, explore how to extend generative AI workloads using the capabilities of Amazon ECS with AWS Fargate and Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG). Through real-world examples of RAG-powered workloads, delve into the considerations and best practices for building generative AI applications with serverless containers. Then, gain hands-on experience building one by yourself. You must bring your laptop to participate.

NET304 | Extend the edge of your network with fast low Earth orbit connectivity


Low Earth orbit satellite networks are in their infancy, but with rapid technology advancements and lower costs, businesses are realizing their benefits. The ability to connect people, places, and machines anywhere in the world will have transformational effects. In this session, learn how the low Earth orbit technology in Amazon’s Project Kuiper will bring unprecedented speed and security by providing off-the-shelf private connectivity that will let businesses connect the edge of their network directly to their AWS API infrastructure, extending the edge to land, sea, and air.

DPR201 | Finding the right approach: Bridging traditional ML with generative AI


This hands-on workshop explores the synergy between traditional ML approaches and the emerging realm of generative AI. Drawing parallels from reinforcement learning concepts used with AWS DeepRacer, this workshop dives into the criteria for selecting appropriate solutions, whether traditional ML or generative AI. Explore the different tools and services available, ranging from low-code/no-code offerings like Amazon Bedrock and Amazon Q to code-based solutions like Amazon SageMaker JumpStart. Leave this workshop with a comprehensive understanding of when to use generative AI capabilities, how to integrate generative AI seamlessly with traditional ML methodologies, and what tools are available through AWS. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP304 | Fine-tune Hugging Face LLMs using Amazon SageMaker and AWS Trainium


Large language models (LLMs) are pretrained on vast amounts of data and perform well across a variety of general-purpose tasks and benchmarks without further specialized training. In practice, however, it is common to improve the performance of a pretrained LLM by fine-tuning the model using a smaller task-specific or domain-specific dataset. In this builders’ session, learn how to use Amazon SageMaker to fine-tune a pretrained Hugging Face LLM using AWS Trainium, and then leverage the fine-tuned model for inference. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM319 | Fine-tune Llama 3 models cost-effectively on Amazon SageMaker


In this builders’ session, get step-by-step implementation experience fine-tuning Llama 3 8B using the QLoRA strategy. Learn how you can fine-tune Llama 3 models at scale using the memory-efficient PyTorch Fully Sharded Data Parallel (FSDP2) library with access to built-in debugging and GPU utilization metrics. Use a custom deep learning container with Amazon SageMaker to run these large-scale training jobs on the Amazon EC2 G5 instance. Discover how you can bring your own choice of libraries, like torchtune, on Amazon SageMaker’s managed infrastructure of GPU resources. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC302 | Forecast and detect anomalies using Amazon QuickSight ML features


This Amazon QuickSight session teaches you how to use machine learning to forecast data and identify anomalies. Learn to create forecasts, customize narratives for insights, and detect anomalies with contribution analysis.

ADM201 | Formula One races to reach 1 billion fans with AWS


In this session, learn how Formula One (F1) is connecting customer data across properties in real time, helping them deepen their understanding of customers; creating more accurate segmentation, activation, and measurement; and unlocking new possibilities for F1 to surprise and delight their global fanbase. Hear how these efforts give them the platform to deliver everything from the brilliant basics to the rule-busting ideas for customer engagement, opening up new audiences and revenue streams.

SUS201 | From data to ESG disclosures using Sustainability Data Fabric on AWS


Navigating new and existing ESG regulations, such as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), can be a daunting task due to the complexity of trusted and auditable data. In this session, learn how an ESG insights platform (made possible with the power of three—AWS customers, Sustainability Data Fabric, and AWS Partners Blue Prism and FlexZero) can help consolidate siloed data sources into a unified datastore, streamline reporting processes, and enable data sharing across organizations. Dive deep into Sustainability Data Fabric, a purpose-built, flexible, and extensible AWS solution accelerator that provides best practices for streamlined enterprise data management while taking into consideration data quality, security, cataloging, lineage, and data sharing.

XNT306 | From diagram to code: Automate IaC code generation with Amazon Bedrock


Learn how to use generative AI to automate code generation, reduce manual effort, and increase development speed. In this workshop, get hands-on experience developing an end-to-end .NET 8 application using Amazon Bedrock, AWS Lambda, and Amazon API Gateway. Use Amazon Bedrock to generate infrastructure as code (IaC) directly from architecture diagrams and then, with agents, use the code to automatically create the infrastructure. Learn security best practices and how to use Amazon Bedrock within your .NET applications to enable seamless integration with generative AI models. You must bring your laptop to participate.

FWM307 | From Hello World to App Store: Develop and test iOS apps on AWS


In this hands-on workshop, learn about the full lifecycle of iOS app development using AWS. Starting from zero, develop an app using AWS Amplify to connect to the cloud and app backend. Use AWS Device Farm to test your iOS app across a range of real mobile devices. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS403 | From serverful to serverless Java


In this workshop, learn how to bring your traditional Java Spring application to AWS Lambda with minimal effort and iteratively apply optimizations to get the best out of your serverless Java experience. Find out how to improve the performance of your application with AWS Lambda SnapStart and GraalVM native images. Then, learn how to write new applications with Spring Cloud Function and use Amazon Q Developer to quickly generate the code. Finally, discover how to use observability tooling to get a full picture of your architecture. Leave this workshop knowing how to make well-informed decisions when modernizing enterprise Java applications with AWS Lambda. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAM202 | From VMs to cloud-native: An AWS modernization journey


In this workshop, learn how to use AWS modernization pathways to quickly decompose a monolithic workload to a loosely coupled, distributed microservices architecture. Walk through a real-world migration scenario, starting with the migration of VMware-based applications to AWS, followed by step-by-step guidance on modernizing those applications. Hear from AWS experts as they share best practices for transforming monolithic applications into modern cloud architectures. Learn how to utilize AWS services such as AWS App Runner, Amazon Aurora, and AWS Lambda as you containerize the monolithic application, migrate to a managed database, and move your applications to serverless. You must bring your laptop to participate.

KUB307 | Fundamentals to scale Kubernetes across your organization


Are you ready to get hands-on with Amazon EKS? In this workshop, start with Kubernetes fundamentals and then dive deeper into modules that cover generative AI, observability, networking, security, and more. Gain operational expertise on Amazon EKS like managing scale and costs with Karpenter, training and serving generative AI models, and building resilient clusters that follow industry best practices. Join us for an opportunity to explore Amazon EKS and learn new skills. You must bring your laptop to participate.

OPN402 | Gain expert-level knowledge about Powertools for AWS Lambda


Did you learn serverless best practices but are unsure about implementation? Have you used Powertools for AWS Lambda but felt you barely scratched the surface? This session dives deep into observability practices, resilient data pipelines with AWS Batch, safe retries with idempotency, mono- and multi-function APIs, and more. Learn about each practice in depth, achieve expert-level knowledge, and hear from maintainers about what’s next.

AIM312 | Gaining insights from call data with transcription and generative AI


Gain a deeper understanding of your customers by harnessing the power of Amazon Transcribe and generative AI. In this workshop, learn how to combine automatic call transcription, analytics, call summarization, and business intelligence from customer calls. Experience demos on building analytics dashboards and integrations with large language models (LLMs) and Amazon Q in QuickSight. Visualize key metrics, uncover data stories, and find answers to your top business questions. Unlock valuable insights and make data-driven decisions to enhance customer experience. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT307 | Gen AI incident detection & response systems with Aurora & Amazon RDS


In this workshop, use generative AI to develop an incident detection and response (IDR) system. The IDR system will utilize a diverse range of data sources, including database documentation, runbooks, incident records, and more, to build a robust vector store using Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL-Compatible Edition with the pgvector extension. The IDR system will use Amazon Bedrock for inference with an LLM to classify incidents and perform automatic corrective actions. In addition, learn how to create a chatbot that provides insights into your database infrastructure–related queries and offers guidance for regular operations, such as Aurora and Amazon RDS database upgrades. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ARC305 | Gen AI resilience: Chaos engineering with AWS Fault Injection Service


There are multiple factors that impact the performance and reliability of generative AI applications. These include the choice of model, where the model is hosted, and the length and complexity of the inputs and outputs. Chaos engineering helps software teams understand the risks in their systems. This workshop applies chaos engineering practices to demonstrate potential performance and resilience risks in generative AI applications. Learn how to construct a useful hypothesis backlog for generative AI applications and how to use AWS Fault Injection Service to run those experiments. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MFG306 | Generate a supply plan with AWS Supply Chain using ML-powered insights


Supply chain processes and solutions are usually complex—made up of home-grown applications, several siloed execution systems, and point-to-point integrations. This can lead to a lack of visibility and inefficiency in making the right decisions at the right time. AWS Supply Chain is able to mitigate risks, lower costs, improve visibility, and accelerate the decision-making process using machine learning (ML)– and LLM-powered connectors and ML-powered insights, analysis, and recommendations. This workshop provides a hands-on guide to setting up AWS Supply Chain, ingesting data, generating a demand forecast and supply plan, and building an optimized view of the inventory. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API209 | Generative AI at scale: Serverless workflows for enterprise-ready apps


In this workshop, learn to build enterprise-ready, scalable generative AI applications. Explore how to scale solutions from serving 100 to 100,000 users. Apply design patterns using AWS Step Functions to scale and easily meet business needs. Build private and public APIs using AWS AppSync to expose large language model (LLM) capabilities. Leave with practical skills for transitioning generative AI prototypes into robust, secure, and scalable applications. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SEC305 | Generative AI–based code remediations and patch management at scale


In this workshop, get hands-on experience with multiple vulnerability solutions to provide automated generative AI–based code remediation for AWS Lambda functions, manage software vulnerabilities in container images, and approach patch management for Amazon EC2 instances at scale. Learn how to use AWS security tools to detect vulnerabilities in different workloads, implement a patching policy for software packages, and use generative AI to recommend code changes. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC304 | Generative AI bootcamp for the public sector


This bootcamp equips you with practical skills for using generative AI for public sector use cases. You gain hands-on experience in deploying your own generative AI models on AWS and building proofs of concept. Dive into key concepts like large language models (LLMs) and Stable Diffusion, and explore use cases such as LLM for education, fine-tuning an LLM on medical data, CT scan upscaling, and synthetic satellite data generation. You have the opportunity to deploy and fine-tune generative AI models to address specific challenges in the public sector.

TNC102 | Generative AI for decision-makers


Over the course of 90 minutes, this session for leaders covers the generative AI factors that help you make clear decisions on projects that incorporate AI. Come learn about the basics of generative AI terminology and the potential benefits and risks of using generative AI. Also, learn the steps for planning a generative AI project and the key considerations for building a generative AI–ready organization.

TNC205 | Generative AI for executives


This bootcamp equips business leaders with the knowledge to jump-start generative AI within their companies. Executives and business decision-makers can gain a solid understanding of generative AI’s capabilities and practical applications. They can also discover how AWS services and best practices can help them successfully implement generative AI in their organizations.

MAM309 | Generative AI for mainframe application mass modernization


In this immersive workshop, dive into AWS Mainframe Modernization Automated Refactor with AWS Blu Age. Discover how its intelligent AI and generative AI features accelerate the different modernization phases of understanding (documentation, bounded, context definition), planning (monolith decomposition, project wave prioritization), and delivery (provable security and test case generation). Experience how these cutting-edge technologies can help you revolutionize your mainframe modernization efforts, enabling faster time to market and increased agility. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IMP302 | Generative AI for nonprofits: Low- to full-code development approaches


Many mission-based organizations struggle to advance generative AI. This interactive workshop is designed to help nonprofit builders develop generative AI applications with approachable low-code to full-code options. It focuses on an external-facing Q&A chatbot intended to improve member experience and reduce the communication burden on frontline staff. Choose to use low-code or full-code alternatives to get started, manage data, and deploy the Q&A chatbot to a custom website. Discover a variety of methods to develop generative AI applications that improve service experience and support internal staff. You must bring your laptop to participate.

RCG301 | Generative AI for retail API development


In this chalk talk, the AWS retail tech team shares their experience using generative AI to design API models and build API implementation code for retail solutions. Learn an open source framework they developed to help customers build service-oriented retail applications. The framework leverages generative AI capabilities powered by Amazon Bedrock to streamline API development processes. See a demonstration on how it can be used for rapid prototyping and accelerating the delivery of retail services. During the talk, evaluate the framework, and then discuss with the team how it can be applied to your own retail services development initiatives. Feedback and collaboration opportunities are welcome.

MAE302 | Generative AI scene detection and intelligent media workflows


Unlock the power of AI/ML and generative AI using Media2Cloud guidance on AWS to streamline media workflows through intelligent automation. Learn how to decrease the manual work involved in monetizing your content and improve its accessibility for a larger audience. This hands-on workshop explores using AI services on AWS like Amazon Rekognition, Amazon Transcribe, Amazon Comprehend, and Amazon Bedrock to analyze video, detect scene changes, and determine context to find the ideal times for ad placement. Then, use content analysis to create intelligent video summaries, and learn how to create automatic captioning and translations. You must bring your laptop to participate.

KUB401 | Generative AI with Data on Amazon EKS (DoEKS)


Many organizations are using Amazon EKS to train, fine-tune, and serve cutting-edge generative AI models. In this workshop, learn how to fine-tune large language models (LLMs) by using Jupyter for interactive coding and Ray for distributed computing to accelerate the process. Gain insights into serving fine-tuned models with vLLM for a high-performance solution, and learn how to become more cost-effective by using Karpenter for right-sized accelerated compute. Through real-world, hands-on examples, learn some key patterns that can help you implement LLMOps for fine-tuning, serving, and scaling generative AI models. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP402 | Get better at building AWS CDK constructs


In this workshop, dive deep into how to design AWS CDK constructs, which are reusable and shareable cloud components that can help you meet your organization’s security, compliance, and governance requirements. Learn how to build, test, and share constructs representing a single AWS resource, and discover how to create higher-level abstractions that include built-in defaults and allow you to provision multiple AWS resources. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BIZ306 | Get hands-on with Amazon Connect to empower agents with customer data


Join this hands-on workshop to learn how to use Amazon Connect to deliver real-time, actionable customer insights and data to your contact center agents, enabling personalized customer service experiences. You learn how to sync customer data from disparate sources, match identifiers using generative AI, and surface unified profiles. Explore how to combine data like contact history, sentiment, orders, and application interactions from Amazon Connect and other sources to create a unified customer view. Step-by-step, you implement solutions that empower self-service, equip agents with actionable customer insights, and deliver tailored experiences, improving customer satisfaction and lowering resolution times. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CDN301 | Get hands-on with fraud prevention using AWS WAF


Traffic from malicious bots can lead to negative user experiences, financial losses, and operational bottlenecks ranging from add-to-cart attacks that disrupt your web applications to distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks that increase your infrastructure costs. In this workshop, explore how AWS uses a combination of techniques to identify and mitigate different types of bots and fraudulent activities. Gain valuable insights into how AWS WAF and Amazon CloudFront work together to safeguard and deliver your applications. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SEG101 | Getting started building serverless SaaS architectures


Are you planning to build a new software as a service (SaaS) application using serverless on AWS? Do you want to modernize an existing SaaS application to serverless and want to know more about multi-tenancy? In this session, explore the fundamentals of serverless at AWS. Learn about AWS Lambda, Amazon API Gateway, and event-driven integration services, discover how to build your first serverless application, and learn how to handle multi-tenant architectures for SaaS applications.

SVS201 | Getting started with serverless patterns


Serverless applications are built using services in a variety of common architecture patterns. Although customer scenarios are unique, these patterns emerge again and again. In this workshop, learn how to recognize and apply those patterns and best practices by building nearly production-ready code for a serverless application. Create microservices, run unit and integration tests, configure a CI/CD pipeline, and set up observability. You must bring your laptop to participate.

XNT311 | Go codeless and replatform Windows applications on Amazon EKS


Moody’s runs dozens of .NET applications on Amazon EC2 for Windows Server. As part of its modernization strategy, Moody’s replatformed its critical legacy applications to Amazon EKS with Windows support, achieving cost reduction, better performance, and more flexibility for its developers. In this session, Moody’s shares key takeaways and best practices from its successful replatform, including how it overcame challenges and maximized its platform engineering investments. Leave this session with concrete examples and techniques to replatform your own .NET Framework applications on Amazon EKS.

FWM301 | Go from idea to AI-powered app in minutes with AWS Amplify


AWS Amplify recently launched a second-generation developer experience featuring full-stack TypeScript capabilities for building production-ready applications on AWS. Generation two is built on top of AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK), making it possible to add any of the more than 200 AWS services to your Amplify application, including Amazon Bedrock for generative AI use cases. Join this chalk talk to discuss strategies for extending the Amplify full-stack TypeScript capabilities to create the next generation of innovative application experiences using AWS CDK and Amazon Bedrock.

FWM308 | Go from idea to app in hours using AWS Amplify and Amazon Q Developer


Bring your full-stack app from idea to reality faster with AWS Amplify and Amazon Q Developer. In this workshop, use AWS Amplify to build and deploy a full-stack app, and see how Amazon Q Developer speeds up the entire software development lifecycle. Leave this workshop knowing how to build and launch a cloud-connected app. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP203 | Governance and security with infrastructure as code


In this session, learn how to use AWS CloudFormation and the AWS CDK to deploy cloud applications in regulated environments while enforcing security controls. Find out how to catch issues early with cdk-nag, validate your pipelines with cfn-guard, and protect your accounts from unintended changes with CloudFormation Hooks.

FSI302 | Guardrails for financial services LLMs with Amazon Bedrock & SageMaker


Financial institutions need to exercise caution when it comes to incorporating large language models (LLMs) in customer-facing products due to the risk of hallucinations. It’s also important to implement robust safeguards against the inadvertent sharing of sensitive data. In this chalk talk, learn strategies to refine datasets, maintain high-quality inputs, and customize LLM outputs to meet the precise requirements of the financial services industry. Walk through how you can use Amazon Bedrock and Amazon SageMaker to fine-tune LLMs, and gain practical insights that can help you unlock the power of generative AI while maintaining business-critical controls and compliance.

SVS305 | Handle massive scale with AWS Lambda


Discover how serverless workloads can handle massive spikes in this interactive session on AWS Lambda scaling. Learn best practices for generating high throughput using load testing tools and how to analyze scaling behavior with Amazon CloudWatch metrics. Explore real-world use cases that cover potential pitfalls like cold starts, concurrency limits, and upstream bottlenecks. Learn a tested approach to validate Lambda scaling capacity, even at high throughput levels. Gain confidence knowing that your applications can scale on demand. You must bring your laptop to participate.

COP303 | Hands-on experience with Amazon CloudWatch


Your enterprise’s agility, customer satisfaction, and business growth depend on setting up great observability. In order to help you build high-performing and reliable applications, AWS provides a variety of turnkey AWS native observability services and solutions. In this workshop, learn how to monitor AWS services with Amazon CloudWatch, get hands-on experience with the most common use cases, and learn about and implement the newest features available. You must bring your laptop to participate.

XNT302 | Harness Amazon Q Business power with Microsoft workload data sources


Microsoft workloads—such as SharePoint and File Server—are rich datasets for Amazon Q Business. In this session, learn how to extract the maximum value from these datasets by enabling Amazon Q Business to unleash generative AI power and by implementing data guardrails at the same time. See how Amazon Q Business integrates with SharePoint and Amazon FSx, indexes data, and enforces data guardrails based on Active Directory identities.

ARC308 | Harnessing generative AI to create & understand architecture diagrams


This builders’ session explores using generative AI to create and comprehend architecture diagrams, a critical aspect of software design and communication. Diagrams are often image data, custom formats of drawing programs, or text-based representations from diagram-as-code tools. Techniques are used from two different layers of the generative AI stack, Amazon Q Developer and foundational models on Amazon Bedrock. Chat-based workflows first understand and analyze existing diagrams, and then ask follow-up questions about best practices. New diagrams are created using diagram-as-code formats. Leave with practical strategies for harnessing generative AI in your software architecture workflows. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM313 | High-scale performance optimization of serving multiple FMs


This hands-on workshop empowers you to revolutionize your personalization use cases by mastering the art of fine-tuning models using Parameter Efficient Fine-Tuning (PEFT). Dive into open source techniques like S-LoRA, LoRAX, and Punica to streamline the training and hosting of high-performance, scalable LoRA adapters. Unleash the power of Amazon SageMaker optimization techniques and uncover the optimal deployment strategies, including inference components and multi-model endpoints. You must bring your laptop to participate.

GAM302 | Host multiplayer games on Amazon GameLift with containers and anywhere


In this chalk talk, learn about the features, architectural patterns, and best practices of Amazon GameLift, a fully managed global game server hosting solution. Explore the differences between hosting options, including recently launched containers support as well as traditional virtual machine hosting. Also learn how the new Amazon GameLift Agent can be leveraged to run game servers anywhere in the world and to host development environments for fast iteration. Finally, learn about the complete architecture for integrating your game client and game backend with Amazon GameLift.

NTA302 | How Abrigo transformed its business with AWS: Lessons learned


In this session, discover how Abrigo (a leading fintech company for over 2,400 community financial institutions) used the AWS global services to successfully migrate to AWS and modernize their infrastructure, achieving significant operational efficiencies and cost savings. Explore the challenges faced by Abrigo and the strategic solutions deployed, getting actionable insights for organizations embarking on their cloud transformation journeys. Join this session to learn key strategies for seamless migration, automation, and infrastructure modernization, backed by real-world results and best practices.

ADM202 | How Amazon Ads powers its creative image generator with responsible AI


In the ad-tech business, speed and managing infrastructure costs are the keys to success. The less the final user waits for an ad, the higher the probability of that user clicking on the ad. Showing the right ad to the right user is an incredibly complex challenge that involves multiple disciplines, such as artificial intelligence, data science, and software engineering. Learn how Smadex uses different AWS technologies and services to be able to do it one million times per second with a 100-millisecond constraint. Also learn how they are extending their retention capacity while reducing the infrastructure costs by 45%.

API206 | How event-driven architectures can go wrong and how to fix them


Event-driven architectures enable speed and agility for distributed cloud applications; however, this also means there’s the risk of shipping bad ideas fast without governance. Fortunately, the same agility allows for quick fixes. Attend this chalk talk to learn common event-driven pitfalls, including YOLO events, god events, observability soup, event loops, exposing monoliths, state corruption, and surprise bills. Explore strategies and techniques teams can implement to avoid these pitfalls and reap the full benefits of event-driven architectures.

GAM305 | How generative AI can boost developer productivity & player experience


In this chalk talk, learn how generative AI can boost developer productivity, enhance player experiences, and expand replayability by transforming content into dynamic, personalized in-game experiences. Discover how Amazon Q Developer empowers your team to focus on challenges, and explore how knowledge bases and Agents for Amazon Bedrock can build a conversational RAG (Retrieval Augmented Generation) architecture to improve gameplay and engagement. This talk is ideal for game developers, designers, and AI enthusiasts looking to use generative AI for unforgettable gaming experiences.

MFG202 | How Gousto reduces food waste and increases workforce productivity


In this session, hear how Gousto, a British meal kit retailer, built a scalable Industrial Data Fabric (IDF) to gain real-time and historical operations visibility. Gousto relies on equipment vendors to provide much of their data, which can add complexity, cost, and time delays. To resolve these challenges, AWS and an AWS Partner helped build a modern IDF using AWS IoT SiteWise, AWS IoT Core, and Amazon Monitron. Hear about the business benefits of their unified namespace architecture and how the customer uses advanced analytics, ML, and generative AI on top of their industrial data foundation.

AES305 | How ICEYE uses satellite data & generative AI to speed flood response


Over the past two years, climate change increased flood risks by 23% with an estimated 1.81 billion people now facing flood risk and consequences like disease, clean water scarcity, and food insecurity. Response organizations need precise, real-time updates to save lives and reduce the impact of flooding on communities. Discover how ICEYE and AWS combine satellite-acquired geospatial imagery and generative AI to help first responders access precise insights and take action faster. Find out how ICEYE uses Amazon SageMaker and Amazon Bedrock foundation models to capture and automate disaster location and impact data for response teams.

NFX301 | How Netflix handles sudden load spikes in the cloud


Netflix operates at full active across four AWS Regions, serving their global traffic by intelligently steering users and managing costs via thousands of auto scaling compute server groups. At various times, traffic surges hit their service that could exceed capacity. In this session, walk through how Netflix solves these problems by pairing predictive automated pre-scaling with fast reactive auto scaling in combination with advanced resilience techniques like prioritized load shedding, cross-Region traffic shifting, targeted capacity injection by service criticality, and more. Discover how to maintain a low level of spend while being ready for sudden load spikes.

AES302 | How Rivada Networks manages satellites via software networking on AWS


Active satellites are forecasted to grow from 8,377 to about 58,000 by 2030. Inter-satellite networks enable more reliable, accessible terrestrial networks and lay the foundation for space networks. However, simulating network connectivity across many orbital and ground objects requires a lot of time and computational resources. In this session, learn how AWS enables Rivada Networks to simulate, visualize, and orchestrate space-to-ground networks using digital twins of their constellation and user terminals. Discover how, using AWS, Rivada can shorten the constellation configuration time across their network from hours to seconds and leverage a variety of enterprise-grade networking protocols.

GBL201-KO | How startups can build generative AI applications at scale [Korean]


This session is delivered in Korean. Startups have diverse requirements for a variety of generative AI workloads, from providing their own foundation models for enterprise customers to creating content for end users. In this session, learn how startups can build generative AI applications on AWS at scale. Discover how Upstage’s Solar model is 100% pretrained with Amazon SageMaker and uses AWS Marketplace so that global customers can build their own fine-tuned models easily. Find out how Miridih’s MiriCanvas provides AI-based creative design features, such as recommending similar design templates and generating suitable content in Amazon Bedrock with over 50 million vector data points using Amazon OpenSearch Service.

CDN304 | How to analyze Amazon CloudFront logs using generative AI


Gain critical insights for optimizing the performance of your web application with Amazon CloudFront logs using Amazon Bedrock. In this builders’ session, learn why analyzing and monitoring logs is essential for detecting anomalies, enhancing reliability, and improving site performance. Whether you’re an SRE focused on fine-tuning performance or a CTO ensuring a robust infrastructure, discover how AI-powered log analysis empowers proactive decision-making. Find out how to harness the power of Amazon CloudFront data for actionable intelligence and to drive your application’s success. You must bring your laptop to participate.

KUB301 | How to build scalable platforms with Amazon EKS


A wide range of companies, from the most innovative startups to the world’s leading enterprises, are running their internal platforms on Amazon EKS, helping them to accelerate developer velocity and increase the pace of innovation. In this session, learn about best practices that AWS has developed over years of helping thousands of customers build and scale their internal platforms on Amazon EKS.

CMP313 | How to design your HPC cluster in the cloud for sustainability


As organizations strive to reduce their carbon footprint and promote environmental sustainability, optimizing high performance computing (HPC) workloads in the cloud has become a critical priority. In this hands-on builders’ session, learn how to design and deploy HPC clusters on AWS that deliver both performance and sustainability. Work through the process of architecting an HPC cluster using the latest AWS services, with a strong focus on the AWS Well-Architected Framework sustainability pillar. Leave this session equipped to design and deploy sustainable HPC clusters on AWS that deliver both high performance and environmental responsibility. You must bring your laptop to participate.

NTA305 | How to enable near real-time data analytics with a zero-ETL approach


This workshop explores an AWS zero-ETL solution for real-time data analytics, focusing on key components like data ingestion, processing frameworks, and delivery mechanisms. Utilizing Amazon Redshift, Amazon Kinesis Data Streams, and AWS Lake Formation, this workshop demonstrates how organizations can bypass traditional ETL bottlenecks. Discover how this approach enables near real-time analytics, a comprehensive customer view, and faster personalization. Learn how to streamline data integration, improve governance, and enhance data utilization across applications. Explore how you can use AWS services to achieve faster insights, better data management, and more efficient analytics processes, ultimately leading to improved decision-making and customer experiences. You must bring your laptop to participate.

XNT304 | How to navigate your SQL Server migration journey with AWS


In this chalk talk, discover the spectrum of migration strategies for SQL Server on AWS. Whether you have a single database or thousands, learn the difference between using AWS Migration Hub, AWS Application Migration Service, and AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Learn about native SQL Server methods, including replication, Always On availability groups, and log shipping. Gain insights from real-world migrations and best practices tailored for diverse migration needs. Come prepared with your questions.

STG303 | How to optimize AWS storage for generative AI and ML workloads


Scaling deep learning programs into production often comes with its challenges, and you can’t have high-quality data modeling if your storage isn’t optimized for performance scalability. Getting this wrong can lead to unexpected cost and performance issues. In this interactive chalk talk, get answers to your questions related to selecting and optimizing storage for AI and ML workloads so you can build better, innovate faster, and deploy at scale.

NTA101 | How to re:Invent


New to AWS re:Invent? Come to this informational session to learn about navigating content, getting around campus, accessibility options, the Expo Hall, activities, and much more. There will be time for Q&A to help you get the most out of your week. Also, use this time to network with other first-time attendees.

ACT116 | Hydrate and Help


This year, AWS is partnering with Fill it Forward to support charity: water at the Water Walk. Millions of people around the world are without access to clean and safe drinking water and must walk every day to collect water. Come get involved, raise awareness, and experience a simulation of this walk that so many make every single day for their water supply. Don’t forget to fill your water bottle to support Hydrate and Help. Grab a bottle from the SWAG Desk and stop by any Hydrate and Help station at re:Invent. Each time you refill your bottle and scan the QR code, you’re giving back while reducing waste from single-use cups and bottles.

ACT115 | Hydrate and Help


This year, AWS is partnering with Fill it Forward to support charity: water at the Water Walk. Millions of people around the world are without access to clean and safe drinking water and must walk every day to collect water. Come get involved, raise awareness, and experience a simulation of this walk that so many make every single day for their water supply. Don’t forget to fill your water bottle to support Hydrate and Help. Grab a bottle from the SWAG Desk and stop by any Hydrate and Help station at re:Invent. Each time you refill your bottle and scan the QR code, you’re giving back while reducing waste from single-use cups and bottles.

ACT114 | Hydrate and Help


This year, AWS is partnering with Fill it Forward to support charity: water at the Water Walk. Millions of people around the world are without access to clean and safe drinking water and must walk every day to collect water. Come get involved, raise awareness, and experience a simulation of this walk that so many make every single day for their water supply. Don’t forget to fill your water bottle to support Hydrate and Help. Grab a bottle from the SWAG Desk and stop by any Hydrate and Help station at re:Invent. Each time you refill your bottle and scan the QR code, you’re giving back while reducing waste from single-use cups and bottles.

ACT113 | Hydrate and Help


This year, AWS is partnering with Fill it Forward to support charity: water at the Water Walk. Millions of people around the world are without access to clean and safe drinking water and must walk every day to collect water. Come get involved, raise awareness, and experience a simulation of this walk that so many make every single day for their water supply. Don’t forget to fill your water bottle to support Hydrate and Help. Grab a bottle from the SWAG Desk and stop by any Hydrate and Help station at re:Invent. Each time you refill your bottle and scan the QR code, you’re giving back while reducing waste from single-use cups and bottles.

ACT117 | Hydrate and Help


This year, AWS is partnering with Fill it Forward to support charity: water at the Water Walk. Millions of people around the world are without access to clean and safe drinking water and must walk every day to collect water. Come get involved, raise awareness, and experience a simulation of this walk that so many make every single day for their water supply. Don’t forget to fill your water bottle to support Hydrate and Help. Grab a bottle from the SWAG Desk and stop by any Hydrate and Help station at re:Invent. Each time you refill your bottle and scan the QR code, you’re giving back while reducing waste from single-use cups and bottles.

CDN303 | I didn’t know AWS WAF did this


Securing web applications in today’s ever-evolving threat landscape is crucial. As threats evolve, so must security controls and countermeasures. In this chalk talk, dive into how AWS WAF seamlessly integrates with other AWS services, making it possible for you to construct a resilient, multi-layered defense strategy. Learn about uncommon use cases and how to address even the most unconventional threats.

KUB308 | IDP fast track: Racing to deploy with CNOE for enterprise DevOps


Rev up your enterprise DevOps strategy in this internal developer platform (IDP) fast-track workshop, powered by the Cloud Native Operational Excellence (CNOE) initiative. Accelerate deployment of an IDP using the CNOE stack, build resilient CI/CD pipelines, and achieve heightened observability through golden paths. Whether you're starting from scratch or scaling up, join us for practical insights and hands-on experience to drive your enterprise DevOps forward at high speed. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS324 | Implementing security best practices for serverless applications


Building with serverless enables organizations to build and deploy applications without managing underlying infrastructure. Serverless strengthens your overall security posture by reducing attack surface and shifting security operations to AWS. In this session, explore how to implement security best practices across the software delivery lifecycle and into production deployment. Hear lessons learned from working with numerous enterprise customers that can help your builders be productive and innovative within security guardrails.

STG407 | Implement multiprotocol data access with Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP


Enterprise workloads often require shared data access via NFS and SMB. In this workshop, configure multiprotocol access to the same Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP volume using the AWS Management Console and the NetApp ONTAP CLI. Learn about RFC2307 mapping in Microsoft Entra ID for Linux authentication and authorization, and set up a file system for seamless Windows and Linux data access. Finally, launch a small AWS Batch HPC job and visualize the results from a Windows application. Gain skills to simplify your data management and migrate more multiprotocol workloads to AWS. You must bring your laptop to participate.

HYB304 | Implement RAG without compromising on digital sovereignty


As governments and standards bodies develop data protection and privacy regulations, organizations increasingly need to combine the use of generative AI tooling in the cloud with regulated data that need to remain on premises to meet data sovereignty requirements. In this workshop, learn how to extend Agents for Amazon Bedrock to hybrid and edge services like AWS Outposts and AWS Local Zones to build distributed Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) applications with on-premises data for improved model outcomes. Get hands-on with Amazon Bedrock, AWS Lambda, and AWS hybrid and edge services, and build Amazon S3 compliant workflows using a hybrid S3 compatible solution. You must bring your laptop to participate.

NTA403 | Improve app resiliency with anomaly detection and intelligent response


In the era of generative AI, applications require intelligent monitoring that can detect the subtlest anomalies. In this builders’ session, dive deep on how to use Amazon CloudWatch anomaly detection, powered by machine learning, to automatically identify abnormal patterns in metrics and logs across your applications and infrastructure. Explore best practices for configuring anomaly detection models, creating insightful visualizations to investigate anomalies, integrating with incident response workflows like AWS Systems Manager for automated remediation through response plans, and leveraging generative AI techniques to enhance anomaly triage and root cause analysis. Leave this session with experience on how to boost observability using cutting-edge AI/ML capabilities. You must bring your laptop to participate.

GBL202-KO | Improve enterprise business productivity using generative AI [Korean]


This session is delivered in Korean. LG Electronics has found that generative AI workloads using Amazon Bedrock have strengthened the competitiveness of their product lines and boosted individual productivity. For example, a text-to-SQL solution in the CRM built in Amazon Redshift provides a user-friendly experience for business users to securely search and analyze internal data without relying on data analysts. LG also built the Product 360 platform, a multi-type document data extraction and integrated search system for their display product and business data. In this session, learn about best practices to empower employees with your company’s knowledge and how to reduce decision-making time.

CMP308 | Improve sustainability and reduce costs with AWS Graviton


Are you looking to improve your price performance and reduce your environmental impact? AWS Graviton-based Amazon EC2 instances are a great fit for organizations of all sizes looking to maximize price performance and improve sustainability. In this hands-on workshop, learn how to modernize your workloads and reduce your carbon footprint by taking advantage of Graviton-based instances. Deep dive into AWS Graviton managed services, common use cases, and best practices. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API401 | Improve the message consumption efficiency of your serverless apps


In this chalk talk, learn how to optimize your serverless messaging applications by using techniques to improve data efficiency and adapt to workload patterns. Discover features to reduce data traversal and detect consumption patterns for tweaking, and find out how you can enhance your application’s performance through efficient serverless messaging strategies.

NTA401 | Improving the performance of your generative AI application on AWS


In this advanced workshop, learn to optimize the performance of your generative AI applications. Through hands-on activities, discover how to critically assess performance, cost, and accuracy metrics of various foundation models on the Amazon Bedrock service. Explore advanced techniques such as selecting the optimal model, implementing hybrid search, refining chunking strategies, re-ranking, and enhancing network configurations for improved response efficiency and quality. Gain deep insights and practical skills to elevate your generative AI project, with a focus on sophisticated response efficiency and superior quality. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG404 | Increase your database agility with Amazon FSx


Migrating databases like SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Oracle, and SAP HANA to the cloud is a critical part of your journey. In this workshop, explore self-managed databases on Amazon EC2 with Amazon FSx, and get hands-on with SQL Server, PostgreSQL, and MySQL. Discover how the advanced snapshot, cloning, backup, and replication features of Amazon FSx can reduce your RPO/RTO from hours to seconds. Then, go beyond operations and see a demonstration of how to accelerate development and refresh cycles using zero-space cloning to instantly provide developers with their own copies of the database. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SAS304 | Inside the SaaS Builder Toolkit: A hands-on deep dive


SaaS Builder Toolkit (SBT) is a library of developer tools that can be combined, configured, and extended with the goal of accelerating your ability to create, modernize, or enhance the multi-tenant footprint of a SaaS solution. This workshop examines SBT, using it to build out the core moving parts of a working SaaS environment. Learn how builders can configure the various parts of a SaaS architecture including a deep dive into the control plane, integration with the application plane, and the spin-up of a working application. In this developer-centric journey, explore the end-to-end elements of SBT. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SEC401 | Inspect and secure your application with generative AI


Explore how to use generative AI to improve the security of your applications. Learn how AI-powered tools can help rapidly identify and then recommend remediations for security threats. Learn about how Amazon Inspector detects software and code vulnerabilities in your applications, and discover how to scan for issues and remediate them using generative AI in your IDE.

STG316 | Integrate serverless applications with AWS storage services


AWS Lambda is a serverless compute service that lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You can integrate it with Amazon EFS and Amazon S3 for data persistence, enabling increased application availability beyond one Region for business continuity and disaster recovery. In this workshop, learn to build your serverless AI applications with persistent data in Amazon S3 and Amazon EFS. Additionally, explore how to deploy a stateful web application onto a multi-AZ Amazon EKS cluster to demonstrate regional availability and perform failover and failback for multi-Region disaster recovery. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SUP402 | Intelligently automating cloud operations


Join this workshop to learn how to use AWS Health, AWS Trusted Advisor, and AWS generative AI and machine learning services to intelligently automate cloud operations. Also learn how to use Amazon EventBridge and AWS Lambda to create automations that organizations can use to optimize their cloud infrastructure, improve efficiency, and reduce operational costs. This workshop is designed for cloud administrators, DevOps engineers, site reliability engineers, and IT professionals who are responsible for managing and optimizing cloud operations. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC207 | Introduction to MLOps engineering on AWS


Could your machine learning (ML) workflows use some DevOps agility? In this session, explore how to bring DevOps-style practices into building, training, and deploying ML models. Also learn how to address the challenges associated with handoffs between data engineers, data scientists, software developers, and operations through the use of tools, automation, processes, and teamwork.

TNC101 | Introduction to prompt engineering


In this session, you learn how to create and optimize prompts for a variety of generative AI models. First, this session covers the basics of foundation models (FMs), including a subset of FMs called large language models (LLMs). Then, the session covers the fundamental concepts of prompt engineering, such as the different elements of a prompt and some general best practices for using prompts effectively. Finally, the session provides information about basic prompt techniques, including zero-shot, few-shot, and chain-of-thought prompting.

IOT320 | IoT architecture cost optimization & explainability via Generative BI


Cost optimization is crucial for scaling IoT workloads on AWS. This chalk talk explores design patterns and AWS tools that you can use to continuously optimize workloads, maximizing resource usage while limiting infrastructure costs. Discover how to use Generative BI for cost reconciliation by automating dashboard and narrative creation. Gain insights into building cost-effective architectures that can maximize your cloud investment’s value. Learn how to create optimal IoT architectures while enhancing cost transparency, control, and forecasting.

CMP309 | Is Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) all you need?


How can you improve the accuracy of generative AI responses—by leveraging Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), fine-tuning techniques, or using a combination of both? This hand-on workshop explores two RAG approaches. First, learn how to implement RAG using Amazon Bedrock knowledge bases with quick and easy setup. Then, take a deep dive into Amazon SageMaker to fine-tune a model on AWS Trainium, deploy it on AWS Inferentia, and use Amazon OpenSearch Service to build out a RAG workflow. Learn when to employ each method based on your specific use case, domain-specific data, and tenancy requirements. You must bring your laptop to participate.

WPS201 | Is your AWS GovCloud (US) architecture resilient?


When designing your AWS GovCloud (US) architectures, you follow best practices and known design patterns. However, in the event of an outage, is your mission-critical architecture going to hold up like you think? Find out with AWS Resilience Hub and AWS Fault Injection Service. In this builders’ session, explore architectures that superficially appear well-architected and expose risks and deficiencies. Learn how to use AWS tools to uncover the components that will fail during an outage and discover how to rearchitect to fix these gaps. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS313 | Is your serverless application ready for production?


Building secure, reliable, and performant applications while balancing cost and operations can be challenging. Getting this right by aligning to the AWS Well-Architected Framework can greatly increase your chance of success. In this chalk talk, specific best practice guidance is applied to a serverless reference architecture.

KUB309 | Karpenter: Amazon EKS best practices and cloud cost optimization


Get hands-on experience with Karpenter on Amazon EKS. Karpenter is an application-centric node provisioner that simplifies infrastructure management by provisioning rightsized Amazon EC2 instances for your workload while considering any scheduling constraints. As your workload evolves, Karpenter’s consolidation feature helps continuously optimize your compute onto the fewest, most cost-efficient instances. In this workshop, learn how to set up Amazon EKS with Karpenter, gain an understanding of how Karpenter scales based on application requirements, set up continuous optimization of a workload using Karpenter consolidation, explore AWS spare capacity (Amazon EC2 Spot Instances) with Karpenter, and learn other best practices. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP314 | Keeping it small: Agentic workflows with SLMs on AWS Inferentia


While large language models (LLMs) offer versatility, smaller language models (SLMs) provide resource efficiency, speed, and simplicity. This builders’ session explores task simplification and decomposition techniques to harness multiple specialized SLMs, surpassing a single large model’s accuracy at a fraction of the cost. Learn how to build a generative AI application by deploying SLMs from Amazon SageMaker JumpStart on AWS Inferentia. Understand model trade-offs and a mental model for selecting the right approach. Leave with a deep understanding of designing generative AI applications by orchestrating SLMs through agentic workflows for cost savings, accuracy, and performance. You must bring your laptop to participate.

RCG201 | Kellogg’s cloud-powered transformation: Driving growth with AWS and AI


Kellogg Company, the global snack and cereal powerhouse, relies on cloud technologies to power everything from manufacturing to supply chain to pricing. When it split into two companies, Kellanova (snacks) and WK Kellogg Co (cereal), the companies’ CIOs knew they needed to build a dynamic environment on AWS to optimize their SAP workloads, enhance revenue growth management and trade promotion management, and increase sales. In this session, learn the instrumental role AWS played in their transformation journey and how the companies are using the power of the cloud and AI, including Amazon SageMaker and Amazon Bedrock, to unlock new opportunities.

API308 | Kubernetes meets EDA: Deploy EDAs with Kubernetes APIs


Most Kubernetes customers already use event-driven architectures (EDAs). However, they often face the challenge of either supporting two different platforms for deploying applications to Amazon EKS and AWS Lambda or dealing with a clunky, inefficient process involving infrastructure as code and ticketing systems. In this session, learn how to deploy EDAs through Kubernetes APIs using tools such as ACK. Platform engineers can extend their existing Kubernetes platform to deploy composable EDAs, giving developers easy access.

SVS402 | Lazy loading container images with Seekable OCI (SOCI)


Seekable OCI (SOCI) is a technology open-sourced by AWS that enables containers to launch faster by lazily loading the container image. In this workshop, get hands-on with SOCI. Learn how to create SOCI indexes for existing container images and how index generation can be automated in the cloud. Then, practice deploying workloads to Amazon ECS with AWS Fargate, considering how launch times are reduced by lazily loading container images. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP205 | Learning new skills with Amazon Q Developer


Experience the power of Amazon Q Developer, your AI-powered assistant for software development. In this session, explore how Amazon Q Developer can streamline your daily workflow on AWS. Stuck in the console? Open the Amazon Q Developer panel for instant assistance. Can't find your way through the documentation? Amazon Q Developer guides you effortlessly. Need help crafting CLI commands? Amazon Q Developer has you covered. Want assistance right in Slack or Microsoft Teams? Amazon Q Developer is by your side, helping you work smarter, faster, and more efficiently across your favorite tools. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP305 | Learnings from developers adopting AWS Graviton at scale


AWS Graviton processors are custom designed to enable the best price performance for a wide variety of workloads on AWS including application servers, microservices, open source–based databases and in-memory caches, gaming, high performance computing, and machine learning. In this chalk talk, engage directly with AWS specialists that help customers on a daily basis with their adoption journey—from workload selection to running at scale in production. Explore AWS Graviton use cases, best practices, performance, and customer success stories.

SVS310 | Learn multi-tier application architectures on Amazon ECS


In this workshop, gain practical experience in deploying, scaling, and observing a complex multi-tier application on Amazon ECS. Explore common best practices on how to operate and manage containerized applications that can be translated into any environment. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BLC302 | Learn to deploy and self-manage blockchain nodes on AWS


Join this builders’ session on empowering blockchain innovation to learn how to deploy blockchain nodes effectively using AWS technology. Led by AWS solutions architects, the session highlights the AWS Blockchain Node Runners initiative, an open source project that simplifies the complexities of blockchain deployment on AWS. Gain insights into the development processes, and explore deployment strategies. This session is ideal for both blockchain enthusiasts and professionals seeking to enhance their deployment capabilities on AWS with a variety of blockchain protocols, such as Ethereum, Solana, Polygon, and more. You must bring your laptop to participate.

OPN301 | Level up your serverless applications with Powertools for AWS Lambda


The official Powertools for AWS Lambda workshop is back with new features! Learn why Powertools for AWS Lambda can be the developer toolkit of choice for serverless workloads. In this workshop, make an existing application more observable, resilient to retries, and handle API requests like a pro—all while cutting boilerplate in half. Choose your own adventure with Python, JavaScript/TypeScript, .NET, or Java, and bring your laptop to participate.

ANT310 | Low-cost logging and observability with Amazon OpenSearch Service


In this workshop, discover how to build a cost-efficient enterprise logging and observability solution for large amounts of data with Amazon OpenSearch Service. Learn how to use storage tiering, OR1 instance types, zero-ETL, and query acceleration techniques to drive cost efficiencies and performance. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAM312 | Mainframe data replication and generative AI for business insights


Unlock the power of mainframe data with AWS even before migrating your applications. In this hands-on workshop, experience AWS Mainframe Modernization Data Replication with Precisely, and replicate mainframe data to AWS for a business use case: a chat bot interaction related to tracking the monthly spend on a credit card. Additionally, gain insight into other select AWS Mainframe Modernization accelerators like AWS Application Testing, AWS Mainframe Modernization File Transfer, and DevOps. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BIZ101 | Make enterprise access more secure with Amazon One Enterprise


In this session, discover how leading businesses are using Amazon One Enterprise to enhance security by authenticating employees using their unique palm signature with data that is encrypted and isolated on AWS. Hear how this is helping them optimize operational overhead so that they can streamline operations through cloud-based management and spend less time monitoring access. Explore how Amazon One Enterprise simplifies employee access with a fast, convenient, contactless way to gain authorized access across workspaces without physical cards, badges, PINs, or passcodes.

DAT303 | Making your Amazon Aurora cluster more resilient


Amazon Aurora is a cloud-native relational database with unparalleled high performance and availability at global scale. Hundreds of thousands of organizations trust Aurora for their workloads today. In this chalk talk, learn about features such as Aurora Global Database and Amazon RDS Proxy, and discover best practices to achieve high availability for your Aurora clusters. The talk includes a whiteboarding session on high availability and disaster recovery solutions to help you maximize your application’s resilience.

SVS314 | Managing AWS Lambda runtimes at scale


Attend this chalk talk to learn how to safely manage AWS Lambda runtime environments as your organization’s serverless footprint grows. Through whiteboard examples and code samples, discover techniques like runtime reporting, version pinning, dependency bundling, and container packaging. Identify strategies to make functions safe for automated patching, prioritize functions with deprecated runtimes, and implement runtime governance controls. Leave equipped with practical skills for navigating runtime management issues to achieve serverless function stability and performance across your applications.

SVS315 | Managing state in serverless applications


Learn effective state management strategies for serverless computing with AWS Lambda and Amazon ECS on AWS Fargate in this chalk talk. Understand the challenges of traditional state management approaches when applied to ephemeral, event-driven serverless applications—and their impact on design and scalability. Discover how to use managed AWS services like Amazon DynamoDB and Amazon EFS to handle stateful data in serverless environments. Gain best practices and design patterns for managing state seamlessly in your serverless applications. Leave equipped with practical techniques for overcoming state management hurdles in serverless architectures.

AIM201 | Maximize Amazon Q Business impact with Amazon Q Apps


In this session, learn how Amazon Q Apps empowers every employee to quickly turn their ideas into generative AI–powered apps to streamline tasks and boost individual and team productivity. Explore how these secure and customized apps are built on top of your enterprise knowledge with Amazon Q Business.

OPN304 | Maximize application performance with Valkey


Using Valkey with your application tends to give quick performance wins using only a few strategically placed GETs and SETs. However, understanding all of Valkey’s data types and commands unlocks even more use cases and performance boosts. This builders’ session gives you an overview of the entire Valkey landscape of data types and their related commands, linking them to real-world use cases with hands-on exercises. Previous Valkey or Redis experience is helpful, but this session starts at the basics and moves quickly to touch on more advanced topics. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IMP201 | Maximize mission impact with no-code ML & generative AI solutions


Join this hands-on builders’ session, tailored for nonprofits, to explore no-code machine learning (ML) and generative AI. Ideal for analysts and business leaders, the session covers practical AI solutions for nonprofit needs like donor engagement and program impact measurement. Learn to use Retrieval Augmented Generation for document Q&A and to build chatbots to improve service delivery. Integrate predictive analytics into workflows for financial health monitoring and behavior prediction to anticipate donor trends or program outcomes. Finally, use Amazon SageMaker automated ML to effortlessly build and deploy models that transform data-driven decision-making. Discover how these AI tools can revolutionize your organization’s data-driven strategies. You must bring your laptop to participate.

XNT404 | Migrate to an open source database on AWS using .NET and PostgreSQL


Many .NET applications use SQL Server as a backend database. However, moving to an open source database can reduce your costs and unlock new capabilities in your applications. In this workshop, learn how to move a .NET application database from SQL Server to open source using Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL and AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Leave this workshop with an understanding of what refactoring is needed in both the code and database and how to overcome common challenges with repeatable and scalable techniques and solutions. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ENU301 | Migrating an energy trading application to AWS


In this chalk talk, hear how an international energy company migrated its business-critical energy trading and risk management system, Openlink Endur, to AWS. This talk dives into the technical and strategic aspects of this migration, showcasing how the organization used AWS services to enhance performance, scalability, and resilience. Learn about the challenges faced, the innovative solutions implemented, and the tangible business benefits realized, including faster feature delivery, improved developer experience through enabling rapid provisioning of dedicated environments, and increased global availability. Come discover how this migration to AWS has positioned the company for long-term success in the dynamic energy market.

SVS302 | Migrating containerized workloads to AWS Fargate


AWS Fargate helps customers reduce the operational burden of deploying and monitoring their container workloads so they can focus on building applications and running their businesses. In this chalk talk, learn about design considerations for migrating workloads from Amazon EC2 to AWS Fargate serverless compute running on Amazon ECS.

ANT404 | Migrating from self-managed Apache Kafka to Amazon MSK


Migrating between Apache Kafka clusters while ensuring minimal downtime can be challenging when replicating large amounts of data. This workshop demonstrates a proven method for building a resilient migration pipeline to move data from an Apache Kafka cluster to Amazon MSK. Gain hands-on experience with practical strategies and code examples to simplify real-world replication and migration use cases. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP310 | Migrating x86-based applications to AWS Graviton on Amazon EKS


AWS Graviton processors are designed to deliver the best price performance for your cloud workloads running on Amazon EC2. During this hands-on workshop, learn the steps for migrating an application running on x86 to AWS Graviton-based instances including performing tests locally and modifying the CI/CD pipeline to build and deploy the application on Amazon EKS using Karpenter. Explore how to use tools such as Porting Advisor for Graviton to maximize performance, and learn how you can deploy applications in an efficient way by mixing AWS Graviton-based instances and Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. You must bring your laptop to participate.

NET308 | Migrating your microservices to a Zero Trust architecture


In this workshop, get hands-on with AWS developer tools as you migrate your frontend and backend microservices to a Zero Trust architecture. Explore existing patterns for connectivity and the functionality and services in the console. Learn how to augment your connectivity strategy using newer AWS services that improve visibility and security between the users of your application and the microservices that power it—all while simplifying and standardizing your connectivity approach. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT314 | Minimize downtime with plug-and-play anomaly detection for industrial


In this workshop, learn how to reduce downtime by implementing anomaly detection for industrial assets using AWS IoT SiteWise. Through a step-by-step, plug-and-play approach, gain practical experience in enabling anomaly detection without requiring deep machine learning expertise. Walk through the process of solving real-world challenges related to reducing downtime across various asset types while using the powerful capabilities of AWS IoT SiteWise. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SEC304 | Mitigate zero-day events and ransomware risks with VPC egress controls


In this network security workshop, learn how to implement AWS best practices for egress controls to mitigate risks from software supply chain dependencies, zero-day events, cryptocurrency mining, and ransomware. Also, explore a new security use case enabled by TLS decryption of outbound network flows. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP305 | Modern CI/CD with GitHub and AWS CodePipeline


In this workshop, learn how to build modern continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines using GitHub and AWS CodePipeline through the AWS Management Console. Learn how to work with monorepos and branching strategies such as Gitflow. Explore advanced features such as automatic rollbacks, pipeline parameters, and concurrent execution modes to improve your pipeline performance. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IMP304 | Modern data strategies with generative AI for next-generation missions


Nonprofits face numerous challenges in using their data to differentiate their missions and make informed decisions. In this chalk talk, learn how to build a modern data architecture on AWS. Bring your use cases, such as donor engagement, fundraising intelligence, omnichannel communications, mission branding, research collaboration, or others, to this talk to explore. See a whiteboarding session on architectures using scalable data lakes, purpose-built analytics, unified data governance, and generative AI. Leave this talk with a reference architecture for an end-to-end data strategy and a mental toolkit for becoming a thought leader ushering in a data-driven organizational culture that amplifies mission impact.

IMP306 | Modernize application security and resiliency with AI-assisted DevOps


Nonprofits are faced with increasingly challenging security risks while continuing to push forward their missions. To meet this challenge, nonprofits must modernize their mission-critical workloads and build resiliency into their applications so they can continue to serve their members. In this hands-on workshop, learn the basics of application modernization through container technology, and explore how to use AI-powered AWS services to make your application more secure and resilient at all stages of the development lifecycle. Learn the skills you need to deploy modern, secure, and resilient applications that will help you maximize your mission impact. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BSI202 | Modernize business reporting with Amazon QuickSight


Learn how you can migrate legacy reporting to the cloud and deliver a unified user experience at scale with Amazon QuickSight. In this session, hear how AWS customers consolidated dashboarding and reporting workloads in QuickSight, lowering costs while delivering a unified user experience at scale. Discover how to automate high-demand reporting workloads using QuickSight’s paginated reporting APIs. Whether seeking cost efficiencies, enhanced collaboration, or improved agility, this session provides actionable insights for optimizing BI across your organization to unlock the full potential of modern, cloud-based reporting with Amazon QuickSight.

STG305 | Modernize managed file transfer with SFTP


Managing file transfers can come at a high cost as you maintain infrastructure, licensing, resources, and adherence to regulatory and business requirements. In this session, learn how AWS Transfer Family provides fully managed, highly available file transfers over protocols such as SFTP and AS2. Hear how Transfer Family helps make sure that your data arrives on time, that it is secure and compliant, and that performance and costs scale with your workflows. Learn about these benefits while also considering how you can break down data silos and redirect resources to focus on adding value to your business.

DAT407 | Modernize multi-tenant monolithic apps with AWS purpose-built databases


Multi-tenant architectures provide agility and scalability by sharing data storage resources for all tenants. In such environments, isolating tenant data is fundamental for application builders. It is critical to implement an effective data isolation model while retaining the agility gained from consolidating tenants. In this workshop, learn how you can achieve both a shared database for your tenants and centralized isolation enforcement using Amazon Aurora, Amazon DynamoDB, and AWS DMS. Learn how to use zero-ETL to consolidate tenant data and take advantage of Amazon Redshift read scalability. Explore best practices for tenant isolation, partitioning, database operations using infrastructure as code, and tenant portability. You must bring your laptop to participate.

XNT308 | Modernize Windows applications on your own terms


Do you have applications that need to be modernized, but aren’t sure on what, how many, or where to start? If so, this workshop is for you. You will be given a mandate to modernize a set of applications. Using an assessment tool, learn about these applications and their dependencies. Then, decide which application you want to modernize and the path you want to take; for example, containerize the application and run it on Amazon ECS or Amazon EKS. The choice is yours. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT319 | Modernize your connected vehicle platform with new AWS IoT features


A connected vehicle platform is critical for delivering innovative features like remote start from a mobile app, electric vehicle battery range estimation, and video streaming for enhanced vehicle security. Join this chalk talk to learn about the newest capabilities from AWS IoT FleetWise, AWS IoT Core, and Amazon Kinesis Video Streams that can help you modernize your connected vehicle platforms and drive innovation. Walk through how to build for key use cases using features and methods that optimize for secure connectivity, low latency, cost efficiency.

DOP401 | Modernizing Java applications with Amazon Q Developer


In this builders’ session, use Amazon Q Developer Agent for code transformation to modernize a Java application. Learn how Amazon Q Developer can leverage generative AI to automate common language upgrade tasks like updating your code, conducting unit tests, and verifying deployment readiness starting with Java. Save days' or even months' worth of the undifferentiated work involved in moving from older language versions. You must bring your laptop to participate.

COP304 | Monitor end user experience with Amazon CloudWatch


By extending application performance monitoring to end users as well as frontend experiences, AWS digital experience monitoring enhances customer experiences with an outside-in perspective of application performance across all user touchpoints. Such user experience data provides a complete picture and helps organizations turn frontend performance, user behavior, and APIs into actionable KPIs such as release velocity, adoption rate, and conversions. In this builders’ session, learn how applications behave by monitoring both real and synthetic user activity and behavior, using data from ISPs and AWS, and capturing insights from backend infrastructure and devices as well as digital user metrics. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAM313 | Move and improve at scale using AWS Application Migration Service


Are you looking to migrate your workloads to the cloud while unlocking their full potential? AWS Application Migration Service helps you migrate and modernize your applications seamlessly at scale. Be prepared to immerse yourself in a hands-on learning experience. In this workshop, learn how to address common challenges like upgrading operating systems, optimizing infrastructure, and auto scaling after completing your migration. Go beyond simply moving your applications—explore how AWS Application Migration Service can help you improve performance, scalability, and cost-efficiency. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG318 | Move data to Amazon S3 and kick-start gen AI workflows with Amazon Q


Learn how to ingest data into Amazon S3 from on premises, other clouds, and third-party sources using AWS Storage Gateway, AWS DataSync, and AWS Transfer Family. This hands-on workshop guides you through setting up data pipelines and utilizing Amazon Q to parse and analyze your data with generative AI. Gain practical experience in configuring AWS data movement services and harnessing AI for data processing. Leave this workshop equipped to build a scalable Amazon S3 data lake with advanced AI-driven insights. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC201 | Move to containers with Amazon ECS


This bootcamp provides an immersive experience through five hands-on labs that empower developers, architects, and modernization enthusiasts to build modern applications on AWS or modernize existing applications by leveraging Amazon ECS and other container services.

DPR301 | Multimodal semantic search for generative AI applications


In this workshop, acquire the skills to ingest information from a wide range of data sources, such as videos, PDFs, and images, into a unified knowledge repository for generative AI use cases. Leverage AWS generative AI services to build a robust vector search engine capable of retrieving different data types based on semantic similarity. Through hands-on exercises and real-world use cases, including AWS DeepRacer, gain practical experience in data ingestion, vector embedding creation, and search optimization. This knowledge empowers you to unlock the full potential of Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) for enterprise-level generative AI applications. You must bring your laptop to participate.

NTA405 | Must-know techniques to optimize your AWS environment


This workshop equips you (particularly if you are new to AWS) with essential tools and techniques that can be used to optimize your environments, even before changing a single line of code in your applications. Using hands-on exercises, learn to leverage AWS Compute Optimizer, AWS Cost Explorer, AWS Trusted Advisor, and additional resources to identify cost savings, improve performance and resilience, and strengthen your security posture. Leave equipped to take full control of your AWS environment and unlock its full potential. You must bring your laptop to participate.

RCG202 | Neiman Marcus revolutionizes the luxury experience with generative AI


In today’s competitive landscape, delivering personalized experiences is crucial for engaging customers and driving conversions. Generative AI has emerged as a powerful tool that can enable businesses to create tailored content at scale. This session explores how Neiman Marcus Group partnered with the AWS Generative AI Innovation Center to build a solution that uses Amazon Personalize and Amazon Bedrock to generate personalized email content for sales associates. Gain insights into how this drove associate efficiency by weaving together customer profiles, product attributes, and promotion details to craft engaging and relevant outreach material, ultimately driving better customer experiences and business growth.

STG202 | Network-attached storage in the cloud with Amazon FSx


Migrating file-based workloads to the cloud without adversely affecting performance or availability can be challenging at scale. The Amazon FSx family can address this network-attached storage (NAS) challenge, and as a fully managed service it delivers shared storage, data resiliency, and management compatibilities without application or code changes. In this session, learn from industry experts how you can improve agility, reduce costs, and scale automatically by exploring examples of use cases from media and entertainment, education, healthcare and life sciences, and telecommunications customers. Leave this session feeling more confident to create your own migration plan.

MAE201 | NHL Unlocked: Live cloud production, sports data, and alternate feeds


As the first professional sports league in North America to produce and distribute a live game entirely in the cloud, the NHL is on the cutting edge of sports production innovation―lowering costs, reducing carbon emissions, and increasing flexibility and creativity. Join this session to hear how the NHL’s investment in live cloud production and the development of engaging analytics allows them to nimbly provide new, creative, and engaging content for fans.

BIZ303 | No-code customer engagement design with Amazon Connect flows


In this hands-on workshop, you learn to create and manage dynamic contact flows using the no-code, drag-and-drop interface of Amazon Connect flows. Through guided practice, you design interactive voice response (IVR) systems, chatbots, and step-by-step guides, automating tasks that integrate with existing applications and systems. You also build personalized, end-to-end customer experiences across self- and agent-assisted channels, automate agent workflows, and use AWS services integration. Come gain practical skills to iteratively update your omnichannel cloud contact center, deliver tailored customer journeys, enhance customer satisfaction and agent productivity, and reduce operational costs. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BLC401 | Non-custodial blockchain wallets with AWS Nitro Enclaves


This Web3 workshop offers a hands-on approach to creating robust, user-friendly cryptocurrency wallets with enhanced functionality and reduced complexity. Learn how to build a non-custodial blockchain wallet using AWS Nitro Enclaves. Discover how to maintain user control over keys and funds while using a backend signing service. Explore how enclave-based solutions can simplify client-side operations and enable advanced features like social recovery, all while preserving user privacy and security. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ARC302 | Observability-driven development


Operational excellence is a must-have for a well-architected workload and is integral to delivering a fault-tolerant, resilient, and performant workload. In this builders’ session, learn architectural best practices to help develop a workload health dashboard using AWS X-Ray and Amazon CloudWatch. Insights from the dashboard can help teams to track, inspect, and ingest continuous improvement toward operational excellence. Explore features such as machine learning (ML)–based anomaly detection to help identify abnormal usage patterns; a dark launching technique to help experiment with new, innovative features; and multi-tenant cost allocations based on usage. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG406 | Onboarding and optimizing AI/ML workloads with Amazon S3 & Amazon EKS


Join this workshop to learn about a solution to onboard and optimize distributed ML training workloads that use Amazon S3. Learn how to use the power of Amazon S3 as scalable storage for different types of ML training workloads, and harness the orchestration capabilities of Amazon EKS. Discover how these services, coupled with the Mountpoint for Amazon S3 CSI driver, enable Kubernetes applications to access S3 objects through a file system interface. Also, for PyTorch workloads, explore the efficient data loading and model checkpointing capabilities of the S3 Connector for PyTorch. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT414 | Optimize Amazon DynamoDB performance using AWS SDK for Java 2.x


In this code talk, discover how to optimize the performance of interacting with Amazon DynamoDB using the AWS SDK for Java. See live coding scenarios on how to minimize the latency of your DynamoDB interactions and improve throughput, and learn best practices for configuring your AWS SDK client. Get answers to your questions along the way, and hear the reasons behind the coding decisions.

FSI303 | Optimize data lifecycle management for regulatory compliance at scale


Financial institutions want to take advantage of the exponential growth of data while also complying with regulatory requirements. In this chalk talk, learn how you can effectively manage your data lifecycle, from the data lake to regulatory compliance. Explore a solution that persists Oracle databases in Amazon S3 while leveraging AWS Lake Formation for granular entitlements. Streamline workforce management through AWS IAM Identity Center with permission sets for access controls. Also, dive deep into Iceberg tables, which enable concurrent row-level operations—including inserts, updates, and deletions—to meet regulatory retention obligations and provide atomicity, consistency, isolation, durability (ACID) transactions to maintain data integrity.

API207 | Optimize data processing with built-in AWS Step Functions features


In this chalk talk, learn how to optimize your serverless data processing workflows at scale. Dive into utilizing AWS Step Functions and its features, including intrinsic functions and Distributed Map state. Review common applications and examples of these features to understand when to use them, and learn how they can help you save processing time, resources, and money. Gain insights on how to efficiently orchestrate and parallelize your data processing pipelines using powerful Step Functions capabilities.

PEX303 | Optimize Hugging Face FMs with Amazon EC2 GPUs for real-world uses


Join this workshop to learn how to use Amazon EC2 GPUs and Amazon SageMaker to optimize both text-to-text large language models (LLMs) and multimodal foundation models (FMs) from Hugging Face for real-world retail use cases. You learn how to effectively utilize Amazon EC2 GPU instances to train and compress these models, enabling more efficient deployment and inference on a sample retail platform. This workshop also focuses on cost optimization and ROI utilizing Amazon EC2 GPUs for training and inference. The learnings from this workshop can be applied to other industry use cases as well. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS322 | Optimize multi-tenant serverless architectures for agility and scale


In this session, explore key best practices for building multi-tenant solutions using AWS serverless services. Dive deep into leveraging AWS Lambda, AWS Step Functions, Amazon SQS, Amazon SNS, and Amazon EventBridge to achieve data isolation while scaling with performance efficiency. Learn how a serverless-first approach enables faster time-to-market for multi-tenant architectures. Leave with practical insights into designing and implementing serverless multi-tenant solutions that ensure proper data separation and meet scalability and performance requirements.

DAT410 | Optimize spend by identifying orphaned Amazon RDS snapshots at scale


Gaining visibility into orphaned Amazon RDS snapshots across your organization can be a daunting task. In this hands-on builders’ session, learn how to create a solution to identify and manage orphaned Amazon RDS snapshots on an ongoing basis. Using some of the serverless tools that AWS offers, gain visibility into orphaned snapshots and learn how to automate their archival or deletion based on backup and retention policies. This practical approach empowers you to optimize cloud spend through data-driven decisions and efficient resource management. You must bring your laptop to participate.

EUC201 | Optimize virtual desktop performance with enhanced observability


Powerful observability functionality allows administrators to monitor, troubleshoot, and maximize the performance of Amazon WorkSpaces Family services. Threshold alarms, automatic notifications, and metrics on latency, CPU performance, and memory usage help simplify monitoring and management of your fleet. In this workshop, get hands-on experience using the latest observability tools from AWS End User Computing services to optimize performance for your end users. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MKT301 | Optimize your AWS Marketplace spend with cost analysis and reporting


In this builders’ session, explore cost analysis and reporting in AWS Marketplace. Learn how to strategically implement tags for granular cost tracking, establish budgets for cost control, analyze detailed AWS Cost and Usage Reports (CUR), utilize AWS Cost Explorer for visualizations and insights, create dashboards fast with Amazon Q in QuickSight, and implement cost categories for enhanced allocation. Gain practical knowledge that can help you optimize costs in your organization for AWS Marketplace purchases. This session requires an active AWS account with admin rights. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ANT306 | Orchestrate data and ML workflows with managed Apache Airflow


Amazon Managed Workflows for Apache Airflow (Amazon MWAA) is a managed Apache Airflow service for orchestrating data processing and ML workflows. In this builders’ session, learn how Amazon MWAA simplifies managing and scaling the Airflow environment, and build Airflow DAGs to orchestrate and automate end-to-end data and ML processing workflows for ingestion, transformation, and consumption. You must bring your laptop to participate.

NET305 | Outbound traffic inspection with AWS Cloud WAN & AWS Network Firewall


AWS offers several managed networking services that help you more easily build, manage, and secure global networks. This builders’ session explores two of those managed services, AWS Cloud WAN and AWS Network Firewall, through the build-out of a solution that allows you to architect and implement outbound traffic controls. You must bring your laptop to participate.

API305 | Patterns for building event-driven web and mobile app backends


User interfaces by nature are event-driven—interactions trigger events that drive the application. But, integrations between the frontend and backend are often built synchronously using a request/response pattern. This session explores patterns to enable asynchronous, event-driven integrations with the frontend. It’s designed for architects and frontend, backend, and full-stack engineers. Leave this session with real-world patterns that bring the agility and responsiveness of event-driven architecture across client-server interactions.

DAT408 | Perform vector search on your Amazon DynamoDB data using zero-ETL


In this workshop, learn how to set up Amazon DynamoDB zero-ETL integration with Amazon OpenSearch Service to add generative AI experiences to your DynamoDB-based applications. Create a pipeline from a DynamoDB table to OpenSearch Service, create an Amazon Bedrock ML connector in OpenSearch Service, and query Amazon Bedrock using OpenSearch Service as a vector store. Discover best practices to use your differentiated data stored in DynamoDB to support context-aware reasoning applications. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SEC310 | Persona-based access to data for generative AI applications


In this workshop, manage document access in a chatbot application tailored to various user roles within an organization. Learn how to address challenges around secure information distribution, enhancing efficiency and compliance by aligning access rights with job functions. Using Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), metadata filtering, and Amazon S3 Access Grants in Knowledge Bases for Amazon Bedrock, this approach mitigates risk by restricting data exposure to authorized personnel. Learn how this architecture secures role-specific information retrieval, improves knowledge management in enterprise generative AI applications, and supports a safer data environment through engaging hands-on labs. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AES304 | Planet Labs uses Amazon SageMaker to quickly create geospatial APIs


Planet Labs operates a constellation of more than 200 satellites that image Earth’s entire land mass and generate approximately 25 terabytes of data daily. Customers rely on Planet Labs’ satellite imagery to inform uses like crop yield forecasts, natural disaster monitoring, and planet health trends. In this workshop, learn how Planet Labs uses Amazon SageMaker Studio Lab with custom analysis and machine learning model training to quickly create and efficiently manage APIs for huge volumes of geospatial resources. Discover how customers across industries like agriculture and forestry and in the government sector use Planet Labs’ satellite data and insights to innovate faster. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT318 | Powering the grid: GE’s 600 TB migration to Amazon Keyspaces


Amazon Keyspaces (for Apache Cassandra) is a globally scalable, serverless, fully managed database service with up to 99.999% availability. In this session, learn how GE Vernova, a leader in electrifying and decarbonizing the world, uses Amazon Keyspaces to store and query a massive 600 TB of industrial time-series data for its Asset Performance Management (APM) software. Dive deep into GE’s 600 TB migration from ScyllaDB to Amazon Keyspaces, and explore the benefits it observed, including improved availability and scalability. Gain insights into the AWS services it utilized and the challenges it overcame during this large-scale migration.

TNC202 | Practical data science with Amazon SageMaker


This bootcamp immerses you in the world of data science on Amazon SageMaker. Learn the core machine learning (ML) development process and build applications that integrate with ML through hands-on labs and demonstrations.

ENU304 | Predictive maintenance with generative AI and agentic workflows


In the era of Industry 4.0, predictive maintenance has become a cornerstone for enhancing operational efficiency and reducing downtime. Generative AI enhances predictive maintenance workflows by enabling real-time anomaly detection and actionable insights while facilitating natural language interactions and dynamic task execution through agentic workflows. During this workshop, learn how to use generative AI to detect anomalies in sensor readings from an electric motor by comparing them with the specifications in the motor's operating manual. When anomalies are detected, a large language model will utilize agents to determine who is on call and notify them of the issue. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC106 | Prepare for your next AWS Certification exam


In this 45-minute lab with the exam prep team, walk through the four-step plan to prepare for AWS Certification exams and learn about the official materials available in AWS Skill Builder. Search the AWS re:Invent catalog for exam prep sessions for foundational-, associate-, and professional-level exams.

ANT311 | Prepare your data for generative AI


Generative AI applications need data from diverse data sources and, for an optimal experience, require the data to be reliable, trustworthy, and well-governed. Join this hands-on workshop to explore a robust data foundation on AWS for an end-to-end generative AI experience. Learn how to prepare your data for generative AI with batch and real-time data pipelines, high data quality, vector data management for custom needs, and integrated data governance. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT301 | Preparing for the US Cyber Trust Mark: A guide for AWS IoT developers


The US Cyber Trust Mark program is set to roll out in late 2024, providing a new benchmark for IoT device security. In this chalk talk, get a guide for AWS IoT developers on how to prepare for the program. Explore the program’s criteria, which include asset identification, data protection, and software updates, among others. Also learn how AWS IoT services can be used to meet these criteria and help you achieve US Cyber Trust Mark certification.

CMP311 | Proactively scale for optimal cost and availability


Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups help you take advantage of the elasticity benefits that are built in to AWS. With more responsive and proactive scaling, you run only the required number of instances at any time of the day, reducing the cost of overprovisioned EC2 instances. In this workshop, learn how to take advantage of the latest innovations from Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to improve your web application availability at lower costs. Discover how to use a combination of predictive scaling, dynamic scaling, and warm pool features to automatically launch and terminate capacity with changing demands. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS316 | Process real-time payments with serverless architectures


Customers around the globe expect payments to be made in real time. Learn how to use AWS serverless, event-driven services to unlock real-time payment posting capabilities. Move away from legacy batch-based systems that delay settlements and dispute handling and overload nightly processing. Discover how event-driven transaction posting enables a transition to near real-time payment systems. Leave with insights into modernizing your payment infrastructures using serverless architectures to provide the real-time experience customers now demand.

AIM306 | Prompt engineering best practices for LLMs in Amazon Bedrock


Prompt engineering is the important process where you guide large language models (LLMs) to produce your desired outputs. This session provides an overview of prompt engineering best practices and covers how you can choose the most appropriate formats, phrases, words, and symbols that will help you get the most out of generative AI solutions and improve accuracy and performance. With the Anthropic Claude 3 LLM used as an example, learn how prompt engineering helps to solve complex customer use cases. Explore various system designs for how prompts can be integrated with your architecture and discover how to use API parameters for tuning the model parameters using Amazon Bedrock.

AIM320 | Prompt engineering strategies for scalable AI deployments


This builders’ session dives into techniques to simplify the creation, evaluation, versioning, and sharing of prompts to help you get the best responses from foundation models for your use case. Learn how to use Amazon Bedrock’s visual builder to author executable flows, enabling rapid prototyping and collaboration. Leave this session knowing how to design, refine, and deploy sophisticated AI solutions driven by powerful prompts and interconnected prompt flows. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG314 | Protect AWS resources with AWS Backup


This builders’ session shows you how to use AWS Backup to help protect your data in AWS and report on data protection compliance. Learn how to deploy backup plans and vaults, assign resources, create on-demand backups, perform cross-Region backup and restore, create immutable backups with AWS Backup Vault Lock, and demonstrate compliance with AWS Backup Audit Manager. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG205 | Protect critical data with ease using Amazon EBS snapshots


Amazon EBS snapshots provide a secure, simple mechanism to back up and restore block data, boot volumes, and on-premises data. Learn how they deliver data protection while helping organizations reduce storage costs. Explore EBS volume and snapshot encryption, volume creation and recovery from a snapshot, and using Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager to automate your snapshots workflow across AWS accounts and Regions. Discover how you can strengthen the security posture of your snapshots to protect them against ransomware and easily read files from EBS snapshots. Hear from SAP on how it uses EBS snapshots to ensure data integrity and compliance for tens of thousands of SAP systems and thousands of customers.

SEC303 | Protecting data within your generative AI architectures


When training externally facing large language models (LLMs) on internal or sensitive data, you need to be sure that you don’t unintentionally or inappropriately disclose portions of the training data. In order to protect against sensitive data disclosure, the general recommendation is to not train these complex systems with any non-public customer data. However, this may not always be possible. This chalk talk addresses how to mitigate this risk. Explore data minimization principles such as sanitization, anonymization, synthetic data generation, aggregation, and differential privacy while also discussing the benefits and tradeoffs.

CMP303 | Protect sensitive data in use with AWS confidential compute


Confidential computing at AWS addresses organizations’ need to protect code and data in use from unauthorized access. This workshop covers foundational concepts of confidential computing and explores differentiated Amazon EC2 capabilities—AWS Nitro System and AWS Nitro Enclaves—that help organizations raise the security bar and isolate and process sensitive data. Hear about other recently launched CPU-based capabilities such as AMD SEV-SNP that help address specific user needs. The workshop showcases architectures and dives deep on use cases in blockchain key management, financial services, payment processing, and multi-party collaboration. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAM101 | Proven strategies for successful migration and modernization with MAP


AWS has helped hundreds of thousands of businesses both big and small migrate and modernize their business through the AWS Migration Acceleration Program (MAP). In this session, learn how MAP is meticulously designed to guide businesses like yours seamlessly, not just during the migration to AWS, but also as you embrace cutting-edge technologies, modernize digital operations, and pave the way for future growth. Unlock the full potential of your cloud journey with MAP.

QTC302 | Quantum methods for constraint satisfaction problems in energy sector


Constraint satisfaction problems are pervasive in the energy sector, demanding innovative solutions to manage complex tasks like battery revenue optimization, power generation, and electric vehicle charging. These problems balance numerous variables such as cost, demand, and resource availability, which can be computationally challenging. This chalk talk compares different constraint encoding methods—quadratization, penalty dephasing, and quantum Zeno dynamics—used in heuristic quantum algorithms. Join this chalk talk to learn how these methods are implemented in MATLAB and integrated with Amazon Braket for solving real-world problems in the energy sector.

TNC217 | Querying data without servers or databases using Amazon S3 Select


This lab, intended for data engineers and data analysts, provides an opportunity to run SQL-based queries to CSV files stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. Instead of deploying a database and associated resources, use Amazon S3 Select to run SQL-based queries, filter, and retrieve selected portions of the full dataset.

ARC301 | Rapidly build a generative AI–based full-stack application on AWS


Building a full-stack application involves multiple components and demands a diverse set of technical skills and tools, which can be highly challenging and time-consuming even for experienced developers. In this builders’ session, explore strategies for rapidly building a generative AI–based digital training platform. Use AWS Amplify Gen 2, a new code-first developer experience, combined with the open source design library Cloudscape to quickly build and deploy a full-stack application. Use the robust functionalities provided by Amazon Bedrock to generate summaries for the content uploaded to the platform. Learn how to build and deploy an e-learning platform that is ready for real-world usage. You must bring your laptop to participate.

FWM302 | Real-time event patterns with WebSockets and AWS AppSync


AWS AppSync makes it easier for developers to build applications that consume real-time data updates and events, like live sports scores and stats, group chat messages, prices, or location and schedule updates. With AWS AppSync managed WebSocket channels, you can easily scale to connect millions of users and deliver billions of messages. In this session, learn how organizations like PGA Tour are using AWS AppSync to deliver real-time event updates to their application users. Additionally, get an overview of new features like enhanced filtering options and native integration with Amazon EventBridge.

DAT314 | Real-time recommendations and fraud detection with Amazon MemoryDB


In this chalk talk, discover how to architect a solution for delivering fresh, personalized experiences to your users and providing robust fraud detection to your business. Learn how to harness the power of vector search in Amazon MemoryDB and real-time data processing to build recommendation engines and fraud detection systems. Join AWS experts and dive deep into best practices on how to build generative AI applications using MemoryDB to elevate your customers’ experiences.

XNT303 | Reduce cost for SQL Server workloads on AWS using Optimize CPU feature


SQL Server cost optimization remains a top priority for AWS users. That's because database workloads typically depend on high memory and IOPS and less on vCPUs. In this session, learn how to reduce the cost of running SQL Server on Amazon EC2 while increasing the price performance by using the Optimize CPU feature on Amazon EC2. This session shares insights obtained through extensive testing including rigorous load testing with HammerDB simulations. Learn best practices you can use to maximize savings without sacrificing performance.

AIM307 | Reduce FM deployment costs and latency with Amazon SageMaker


Organizations need robust, scalable, and cost-effective solutions to deploy and serve foundation models (FMs). This session explores how to use Amazon SageMaker to deploy FMs to make predictions at the best price performance for any use case. Get a detailed overview of deployment strategies to support large-scale generative AI inferencing, and learn how to architect solutions that optimize performance and cost.

AIM325 | Reducing hallucinations in your generative AI applications


While LLMs are getting better at producing factually correct answers to prompts with scientific advancements, they are still susceptible to generating wrong statements known as hallucinations. This is one of the biggest practical obstacles that organizations face when they are deciding whether they can trust and deploy their generative AI application. In this workshop, learn how to detect and reduce hallucinations. Take advantage of the best available techniques and latest features, including prompt templates, fact-checking models, and retrieval augmented fine-tuning in services such as Amazon Bedrock and Amazon SageMaker, leading to measurably enhanced truthfulness. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SEC308 | Reducing the risk of sensitive data exposure


As a data steward, you are responsible for the lifecycle of data in your data lake. You must ensure that sensitive data does not unintentionally enter your data lake or become exposed. In this hands-on builders’ session, learn to apply techniques like data masking, filtering, and redaction. Discover how to scan for sensitive data, redact it, and store the redacted data in your data lake. Also learn how to mask sensitive data in use and apply redaction on existing data. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS405 | Refactoring Java applications to serverless


In this chalk talk, learn how to refactor three common enterprise design patterns to use serverless services. Learn how to use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler and AWS Lambda for scheduled tasks, Amazon API Gateway and Lambda to handle synchronous web service requests, and Amazon SQS and Lambda to work through asynchronous tasks. Using these patterns, this talk dives deep into the architectural trade-offs of where and when you should separate business functionality into separate Lambda functions.

MAM203 | Reimagine a mainframe application using generative AI


In this builders’ session, get hands-on experience using a card demo and generative AI to reimagine a mainframe application for modernization. Discover how this can help you transform legacy systems for improved scalability, enhanced user experiences, and reduced operational costs. This session provides step-by-step instructions, and AWS experts will be available to address your queries. You must bring your laptop to participate.

KEY001 | re:Invent keynotes


Keynotes at re:Invent set the tone for all sessions, featuring new services, demos, technical deep dives, and behind-the-scenes insights from our most senior leaders, as well as guest speakers who shares their stories about how they have reinvented with AWS. Stay tuned for exciting keynote updates to be announced in the coming months.

CMP202 | Resilient and resourceful: Balance compute resiliency and costs


Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling helps you maintain application availability and automatically add or remove Amazon EC2 instances using scaling policies that you define. In this chalk talk, dive deep into Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling innovations and best practices designed to increase the resiliency of your applications while meeting your cost-efficiency objectives. Learn how your deployment patterns and tools such as Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling instance maintenance policy and instance refresh rollback can help you achieve the exact balance of healthy compute capacity needed.

IOT201 | Retail revolution: AWS IoT & computer vision for frictionless stores


In today’s retail landscape, consumers expect seamless shopping experiences. In this chalk talk, dive into how AWS IoT and Amazon Kinesis Video Streams help retailers enhance in-store interactions using computer vision. Explore how to integrate AWS IoT Core with in-store cameras and sensors and use Kinesis Video Streams for real-time cloud video streaming. By deploying advanced computer vision algorithms, retailers can create automated stores, bypassing traditional checkout processes. This talk covers the architecture of frictionless store solutions and practical strategies for overcoming deployment challenges, illustrating how these technologies boost customer satisfaction and operational efficiency in contemporary retail settings.

DAT409 | Revolutionize customer care with data-driven generative AI


Imagine a world where every customer call is answered instantly, issues are resolved swiftly without any human intervention, and the entire experience feels personal and seamless. In this builders’ session, develop a fully automated generative AI assistant, harnessing the power of Amazon MemoryDB vector search capabilities to provide an unparalleled customer experience at high speed and recall rates. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IMP305 | Revolutionize mission experiences through targeted digital engagement


Nonprofits face many challenges when engaging with members. Embracing emerging technologies and trends and promoting personalized and targeted messaging can simplify and scale mission outreach and impact. In this chalk talk, see a whiteboarding session on how digital engagement platforms built on state-of-the-art data and personalization ML services, generative AI, and omnichannel technologies can deliver targeted mission experiences. Bring your use cases, such as improving fundraising campaigns, retaining donors, increasing member outreach, enhancing member experiences, and others, to this talk to explore. Leave this talk with reference architectures, tools, technologies, and lessons learned from other nonprofits to help you become a digital thought leader in your organization.

SMB301 | Revolutionizing edge computing: Enhancing resilience and intelligence


Edge computing brings data processing closer to the source, reducing latency and bandwidth usage, which is crucial for real-time applications like autonomous vehicles and IoT devices. According to Fortune Business Insights, the global edge computing market size was valued at $15.96 billion in 2023 and is projected to grow from $21.41 billion in 2024 to $216.76 billion by 2032. This underscores the increasing demand for efficient, immediate data processing capabilities and the shift from centralized to distributed computing frameworks. In this session, learn how deploying models and transaction applications at the edge on small form-factor computers can help businesses continue operations during connectivity disruptions, forecast inventory, reduce losses, and improve customer experience through enhanced edge intelligence.

AIM402 | Revolutionizing multimodal data search with Amazon Q Business


Today’s enterprises deal with data in various formats, including audio, image, video, and text, scattered across different documents. Searching through this diverse content to find useful information is a significant challenge. This workshop explores how Amazon Q Business transforms the way enterprises search and discover data across multiple formats. By utilizing cutting-edge artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, Amazon Q Business helps enterprises navigate their content seamlessly. Find out how this powerful tool accelerates real-world use cases by making it easier to extract actionable insights from multimodal datasets. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS210 | Robust strategies for testing serverless and event-driven workloads


Elevate your automated testing skills for serverless and event-driven applications in this highly anticipated, interactive chalk talk. Explore strategies and best practices through code samples and whiteboard demos. Learn techniques like emulation, mocking, and testing in the cloud. Gain insights into common structures and patterns that make your tests effective, useful, and easy to understand. Leave equipped with practical knowledge to future-proof your cloud-native applications by implementing robust automated testing.

CMP302 | Run containerized workloads efficiently on AWS


Containers offer scalability and flexibility, enabling seamless deployment, management, and scaling of applications in any environment. Using containers on AWS can help you improve your efficiency and achieve your price performance goals. In this chalk talk, explore how you can take advantage of solutions such as AWS Graviton–based instances and Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to boost the efficiency of your workloads. Learn how to build, test, and deploy containers using a multi-architecture approach that gives you the flexibility to deploy virtually anywhere on AWS with Amazon ECS, Amazon EKS, and AWS Fargate.

SAS405 | SaaS and RAG: Maximizing generative AI value in multi-tenant solutions


Generative AI will clearly have significant impact on the footprint and experience of SaaS applications. The question is: How does generative AI influence the multi-tenant design of your SaaS architecture? In this workshop, look at how generative AI can be used to deliver new experiences. This includes building out tenant-specific RAG experiences, configuring and managing per-tenant RAG data, metering tenant consumption of models, implementing tenant isolation with generative AI constructs, and so on. The goal is to guide you through end-to-end design and development of a working multi-tenant generative AI solution. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SAS401 | SaaS meets cell-based architecture: A natural multi-tenant fit


Building a multi-tenant SaaS architecture is a balancing act. Finding the right blend of cost efficiency, scale, resilience, and operational agility can be challenging. It’s here that a cell-based architecture can often be a natural fit. The cell-based model gives you new ways to approach tenant isolation, deployment, scaling, regional distribution, and tiering, bringing a range of new possibilities to your SaaS architecture and operational footprint. In this session, dive deep on cell-based multi-tenant architecture and discover the strategies, patterns, and considerations that come with employing this model.

SAS403 | SaaS microservices deep dive: Multi-tenancy meets microservice


Microservices represent the area of your SaaS application where multi-tenant context meets the everyday coding needs of SaaS developers. The microservices of your SaaS environment are where you’ll ultimately apply or use the constructs that will address tenant isolation, accessing data with tenant context, recording tenant-aware metrics, integrating with billing systems, interacting with other multi-tenant microservices, and a long list of other considerations. In this workshop, create real-world microservices that cover a broad spectrum of multi-tenant use cases and implementation strategies. The goal is to see firsthand the way SaaS influences the inner workings of your microservices. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SAS402 | SaaS survivor: Building a rich multi-tenant operations experience


Building a multi-tenant SaaS offering is just part of the job. Once your environment is loaded up with tenants, you still need rich, proactive tooling and mechanisms that allow you to analyze, troubleshoot, and evaluate the state of your system. This workshop takes you through a series of simulated operational events (noisy neighbor, isolation violations, and so on), creating the tools you need to track and analyze the activity of individual tenants and tiers. The goal is to highlight the operational challenges that can surface in multi-tenant environments and explore approaches to creating the tenant-aware operational mechanisms that can support this experience. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG403 | Safeguard and audit data protection with AWS Backup


Backup is critical for organizations to meet business operation and regulatory compliance needs. It also helps protect against disasters, accidental deletions, and ransomware. In this workshop, explore different scenarios using AWS Backup. Find out how you can define policies to centrally protect and restore AWS services; choose among Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon EBS volumes, Amazon S3 objects, Amazon Aurora databases, and Amazon EFS file systems; configure AWS Backup Vault Lock to enable write-once, read-many (WORM) backup data; and deliver simple, auditor-ready compliance monitoring and reporting with AWS Backup Audit Manager. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC306 | Safeguarding workloads: Cybersecurity in the generative AI landscape


The rapid advancements in generative AI, exemplified by tools like ChatGPT, DALL-E, and VALL-E, have revolutionized natural language processing and content creation, but they also present new cybersecurity challenges. This bootcamp aims to equip you with the knowledge and strategies to secure your workloads in the evolving generative AI landscape. You get a comprehensive understanding of cybersecurity risks related to generative AI and the practical steps you can take to protect your workloads and organizations.

AIM314 | Scale foundation model operations with Amazon SageMaker HyperPod


This workshop explores the end-to-end workflow of managing foundation models (FMs) on Amazon SageMaker HyperPod. The discussion covers four critical aspects: Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning (PEFT), model deployment, and serving. Additionally, dive into operational aspects, including system observability and the resiliency features of Amazon SageMaker HyperPod, such as recovery from failure and job auto-resuming. Leave this hands-on session with a robust understanding of managing and deploying foundation models efficiently on AWS. Learn to use cutting-edge techniques and tools to ensure high performance, reliability, and scalability in FM development. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS406 | Scale streaming workloads with AWS Lambda


In this chalk talk, learn how to optimize your streaming data processing with AWS Lambda. Explore scenarios where default processing speeds may bottleneck workloads consuming messages from Apache Kafka, Amazon DynamoDB, or other sources—especially when data enrichment is required. Learn how to implement parallel processing techniques for ordered and unordered use cases to address throughput limitations. See a live demo showcasing performance improvements in an example message processing pipeline. Leave this talk with practical strategies for achieving high-throughput, scalable streaming workloads on Lambda.

BIZ206 | Scale your end user messaging strategy with Amazon Pinpoint


In this workshop, learn how to use Amazon Pinpoint to streamline end user messaging for your fictitious taco truck business. Implement multiple communication channels to support the daily operations of your taco truck, and use Amazon Pinpoint to send SMS text messages for order pickup notifications and a customer loyalty sign-up experience. Additionally, explore Amazon Pinpoint features that can help boost message reliability, and learn how to use multiple end user messaging channels for a single user experience. Join this step-by-step workshop to gain actionable skills to enhance your end user communications using Amazon Pinpoint.

SEG202 | Scale your software company with AWS growth programs


With growth being a top priority for organizations, it’s important to identify programs that can help you scale. In this session, learn from AWS executives about how to expand into new markets with AWS, use the AWS sales team to co-sell your solution, run co-marketing campaigns, and sell on AWS Marketplace. Explore next steps for how and who to engage with at AWS to accelerate your growth in 2025 and beyond.

NFX302 | Scaling and evolving media storage at Netflix with Amazon S3


Studio applications at Netflix generate petabytes of data consisting of billions of multimedia assets, such as images, videos, and text, that are delivered and stored securely in Amazon S3. In this session, explore the evolution of the media storage layer at Netflix, including organizing, tracking, and managing the access control and lifecycle of these assets. In addition, Netflix’s ever-growing content landscape has presented several challenges in scaling their storage backend infrastructure. Gain valuable insights into how Netflix tackled scaling challenges, and learn what media-specific features they added to effectively serve their media partners and applications.

SVS318 | Scaling and securing private workloads using Amazon API Gateway


In this session, explore how Amazon API Gateway private REST APIs can help organizations address the challenges of managing internal API workloads at scale. Learn about capabilities like access control, resource isolation, and scalability for securing and maintaining consistent API strategies across teams. Discover the latest enhancements for private REST API endpoints. Gain insights from real-world experience using these APIs to streamline workflows, enhance collaboration, and build a secure, scalable API ecosystem. Leave with a deeper understanding of how to secure your APIs and practical approaches for building these endpoints.

GAM306 | Scaling Epic's Unreal Engine on AWS with Linux containers


Discover how Epic Games uses Unreal Engine on AWS to create immersive 3D content for their own projects and for other creators. Learn how this compute-intensive workload is optimized to run in containers and orchestrated with standard tools. Explore the modernization of GPU-based tasks for Windows using Linux, enabling them to run at the scale and efficiency needed to support Epic Games' expanding creator ecosystem.

IOT310 | Scaling industrial transformation with the AWS Digital Twin Framework


In this chalk talk, discover how the AWS Digital Twin Framework helps organizations build and deploy digital twins at scale, unifying capabilities across IoT, AI/ML, simulations, and spatial data planes. Learn best practices for using the framework to systematically add capabilities for common industrial use cases, such as asset performance management, production optimization, and product design. Work through flexible pathways to collect and contextualize data, overlay visual assets, deploy predictive models and simulations, and build actionable applications. Find out how the framework can help organizations overcome obstacles to deploying digital twins at scale, including integration with existing systems, information models, synchronization, and closing the loop.

ARC402 | Scaling multi-tenant SaaS with a cell-based architecture


It can be difficult to strike a balance between complexity, efficiency, and flexibility. In this workshop, see how cell-based architectures provide you with new ways to group, deploy, scale, and operate your multi-tenant workloads. Take a close look at a working SaaS cell-based architecture, and implement provisioning, configuration, routing, and dynamic sharding of tenants. Also see how this approach influences the tiering, scaling, and resilience profile of your SaaS architecture. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ARC201 | Scaling on AWS for the first 10 million users


In this session, learn about patterns and techniques for architecting to handle rapid growth and success of your business’s infrastructure on AWS. Learn how to think about when to scale up versus when to scale out, where caching can help you best, and common points on the journey where breaking up your application into new services makes sense. From utilizing already highly scalable AWS services to architecting distributed system patterns, there are a number of choices you can make early on to help you overcome some common infrastructure challenges later. Come learn how to be ready to overcome the infrastructure challenges that can come with success.

AES301 | Scepter’s data fusion platform using monitoring in the cloud


Methane is the second-largest contributor to climate change behind carbon dioxide. In this session, hear how Scepter Inc., ExxonMobil, and AWS are developing a data analytics platform to characterize and quantify methane emissions. Learn how Scepter data fusion collects and aggregates ground-based, airborne, and in-orbit sensors. Find out how Scepter uses the AWS Global Infrastructure, AWS Lambda, and Amazon API Gateway to process and aggregate large amounts of data, pinpoint emissions, and help organizations like ExxonMobil enable more rapid and effective mitigation. Discover how this solution can also help agriculture, waste management, healthcare, retail, and transportation industries monitor carbon dioxide and air particulates.

MAM306 | Seamless data migration to AWS


In this hands-on builders' session, learn how to move your data to AWS services such as Amazon S3, Amazon FSx, and Amazon EFS using AWS DataSync. Discover best practices for accelerating large transfers including scheduling tasks and monitoring transfers to take action on them. Scale your data migrations to AWS securely and rapidly with the ability to copy data to and from on premises, edge locations, and other clouds. Innovate, scale, and stay ahead in the ever-evolving digital landscape with seamless data migration to AWS. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ANT307 | Seamless data sharing with Amazon Redshift


Data copying is time-consuming and can introduce errors and consistency issues. Organizations are looking for an easy way to share data in a well-governed way across accounts, AWS Regions, partners, and vendors. Join this hands-on builders’ session to learn how to easily and securely share live data across Amazon Redshift clusters. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAM314 | Seamless large-scale migration and modernization with hyperautomation


Large-scale migration and modernization initiatives often involve intricate complexities like integrating with multiple on-premises systems, using diverse toolsets, and coordinating numerous processes. In this immersive workshop, learn how to build an orchestration platform that can hyperautomate processes and efficiently integrate multiple migration tools to improve performance and prevent prolonged cutover windows throughout your migration project. Whether you're migrating mission-critical workloads or modernizing legacy applications, this workshop offers the tools and knowledge needed to navigate these transformative journeys with confidence. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT311 | Seamless migration: Safely transitioning large IoT fleets to AWS


In an era where managing extensive fleets of IoT devices and backend systems poses significant challenges, transitioning to managed solutions like AWS IoT Core becomes imperative. In this chalk talk, dive into the intricate process of migrating vast numbers of devices and backend services from self-managed brokers to AWS IoT, enabling a controlled and risk-free transition. Learn essential techniques to seamlessly migrate to AWS IoT Core without perceptible impact, minimizing error surfaces and enabling quick rollbacks in case of failures. Leave this talk with expert-level guidance on how to safely and efficiently migrate to the cloud, empowering your IoT infrastructure for the future.

SVS325 | Secure access to enterprise generative AI with serverless AI gateway


In this chalk talk, explore how to architect a serverless AI gateway on AWS to securely integrate and consume large language models from multiple providers. Explore model abstraction, monitoring, observability, governance, security, compliance, and auditing. Empower your organization to innovate with generative AI while maintaining control and mitigating risks. Leave this talk with real-world practices that you can put into action today.

SEC311 | Secure containers from supply chain attacks


Software supply chain attacks have become increasingly prevalent, and organizations of all sizes need to be prepared. Outside parties can inject malicious code into software packages during the development process, which can then be unwittingly distributed to users. In this workshop, explore how you can integrate Amazon Inspector into your CI/CD pipeline to scan for vulnerabilities in the container image. Learn how a Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) and container image signing can prevent deploying code with vulnerabilities. Also see how AWS Signer can be integrated into a CI/CD pipeline for image signing. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM401 | Securing Amazon Q Business applications with APIs


Learn how to securely extend Amazon Q Business applications using APIs. In this workshop, build a single-page web application along with the infrastructure necessary for user authentication via an identity provider. The application will exchange identity tokens with AWS IAM Identity Center to obtain identity-aware AWS Signature V4 credentials. These credentials will then be used to securely interact with the Amazon Q Business APIs. You must bring your laptop to participate.

COP310 | Securing and observing Amazon EKS clusters


In this hands-on workshop, explore how to automate the identification, analysis, and mitigation of risks in Amazon EKS clusters. Dive into the implementation of robust security controls, including role-based access control (RBAC), EKS Pod Identity, and service accounts, to help ensure least-privilege access and secure workload isolation. Learn how to use AWS CloudTrail, Amazon CloudWatch, and Amazon OpenSearch Service to gain deep visibility into Amazon EKS cluster activities, enabling real-time monitoring and automated risk detection. Leave this workshop with the skills to automate risk management processes, helping ensure that your Kubernetes workloads remain resilient against evolving threats. You must bring your laptop to participate.

KUB305 | Securing and observing Amazon EKS clusters


In this hands-on session, explore how to automate the identification, analysis, and mitigation of risks in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) clusters. Learn how to implement robust security controls—including role-based access control (RBAC), EKS Pod Identity, and service accounts—to apply least-privilege access and secure workload isolation. Also discover how to use AWS CloudTrail and Amazon CloudWatch to gain deep visibility into EKS cluster activities, enabling real-time monitoring and automated risk detection. Learn the skills to automate risk management processes, helping your Kubernetes workloads remain resilient against evolving threats. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS309 | Securing application networking with Amazon ECS Service Connect


In this workshop, dive deep into the various service-to-service networking architectures for Amazon ECS. Get hands-on experience securing the communication between application tiers, and learn how to gain insight with native observability and tracing tooling. This workshop explores Amazon ECS Service Connect, AWS Cloud Map, and Application Load Balancer. You must bring your laptop to participate.

XNT403 | Securing AWS Managed Microsoft AD the AWS Well-Architected way


Safeguarding your identity on AWS is paramount, and securing AWS Managed Microsoft AD is crucial. This workshop guides you through the AWS Well-Architected Framework’s security pillar design principles to help you fortify your managed AD environment. Explore how to use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), multi-factor authentication, AWS CloudTrail, Amazon VPC settings, and more to achieve defense in depth and compliance with AWS security best practices. Walk away with practical strategies to enhance the security posture of your AWS Managed Microsoft AD design and deployment. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BIZ201 | Securing generative AI and LLM interactions with AWS Wickr


Looking to integrate with generative AI workloads through user-friendly bots? Join this session to discover how AWS Wickr can help you gain granular control over access policies and regulate who can engage with generative AI models. Learn how Wickr facilitates auditing and regulatory requirements with a comprehensive history of generative AI interactions. Wickr’s intuitive interface promotes transparency and accountability by allowing you to manage and monitor interactions. Whether you are concerned with regulatory compliance or organizational governance, discover how Wickr can help you streamline the integration process so that you can unlock the full potential of generative AI while maintaining control and oversight.

SEC306 | Securing your generative AI applications on AWS


In this workshop, discover how to secure generative AI applications using AWS services and features. Explore how to deploy a vulnerable sample generative AI application and then layer security controls to protect, detect, and respond to security issues. Learn how to apply similar controls to the generative AI applications in your organization. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS326 | Serverless developer experience: A day in the life of a developer


What does it mean to be a serverless developer? What disciplines do you need to master to build cloud-native, serverless solutions today? In this code talk, walk through a day in the life of a serverless developer and explore the core principles, architecture patterns, frameworks, and tools you need to know to build your next-generation serverless application.

COP301 | Set up a secure AWS environment with AWS Control Tower


Organizations operating in the cloud want to be able to move quickly while remaining secure. In this workshop, learn how AWS Control Tower provides you with the capabilities to simplify the building, management, and governance of a multi-account AWS environment. Gain hands-on experience with how to use AWS Control Tower, including enrolling accounts, automating account customization, and establishing security controls. You must bring your laptop to participate.

COP311 | Simplify and automate continuous compliance with AWS


Attend this hands-on workshop to learn how to use AWS services to streamline continuous auditing and compliance processes across AWS Regions and accounts. First, use AWS Systems Manager Explorer to aggregate compliance data from AWS Config rules. Then, explore how to automate the remediation of noncompliant AWS Config rules via AWS Systems Manager Automation documents. Finally, learn how to use natural language query generation powered by generative AI in AWS Config (preview) to simplify the investigation and search of AWS resource configurations and compliance metadata. You must bring your laptop to participate.

KUB306 | Simplifying application deployment on Amazon EKS


In this builders’ session, explore a reference implementation that was designed to simplify and accelerate the process of launching application-ready Amazon EKS clusters. Learn how to use preconfigured and integrated tools—along with best practices—to enable core capabilities such as auto scaling, observability, networking, and security. By providing preconfigured solutions for capabilities that are shared across environments, users can focus on deploying and testing their applications while minimizing the complexity of cluster configuration. Gain hands-on experience setting up application-ready Amazon EKS clusters. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BIZ205 | Simplify your email with Amazon SES Mail Manager and Amazon Bedrock


Email is so ingrained in day-to-day business that most companies take it for granted. It’s built into every operating system and available for every application. It’s inexpensive enough to set up a dedicated mail relay for every application. However, relying solely on one-time email is not the safest or best option for businesses. In this workshop, learn how to use public information and Amazon Bedrock to evaluate your total email presence. Discover how to build a managed email infrastructure that extends beyond inboxes into all the email applications deployed across your network. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAE202 | Sky: Enhancing sports experiences with automation and generative AI


Integrated with Sky TV, NOW TV, and the Sky Sports app, Sky Sports+ is a fully automated end-to-end live events platform that provides up to 100 concurrent live video streams. In this session, discover how Sky Sports+ uses AWS to deliver features for an enhanced immersive viewing experience, exclusive access to documentaries, and a dedicated linear channel. Explore how AWS powered automation, data mesh, acquisition platform, cloud production expansion, and generative AI are used to augment Sky’s platform capabilities across digital and linear channels.

ACT119 | Slide (sponsored by Datadog)


Ride this exciting slide, put on by Datadog!

ACT122 | Slide (sponsored by Datadog)


Ride this exciting slide, put on by Datadog!

ACT118 | Slide (sponsored by Datadog)


Ride this exciting slide, put on by Datadog!

ACT121 | Slide (sponsored by Datadog)


Ride this exciting slide, put on by Datadog!

ACT120 | Slide (sponsored by Datadog)


Ride this exciting slide, put on by Datadog!

BIZ302 | Smart customer self-service and agent assist for travel & hospitality


In this hands-on builders’ session, you explore how to elevate intelligent customer self-service and agent assistance for travel and hospitality use cases using Amazon Connect powered by AI. Through step-by-step guidance, you learn to implement AI-powered self-service hotel and cab booking solutions integrated with social media chat platforms. You also experience agent-assist solutions that redefine customer support, enhancing the overall customer experience in the travel and hospitality industry. By solving realistic operational challenges, you gain practical insights into using AWS Cloud services like Amazon Connect while driving innovation and transforming the travel and hospitality domain. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BIZ204 | Smarter, faster, better: Using generative AI on your supply chain data


Join this chalk talk to learn how you can use the generative AI capabilities in AWS Supply Chain to get more value from your supply chain data. The talk includes an interactive discussion about how you can access a broader range of data faster, then use that data with the help of generative AI to minimize risk, lower costs, and make better supply chain decisions.

IOT302 | Smart home sidekicks: Build a cloud- and AI-powered robot puppy


In this workshop, embark on a journey into the future of smart homes by bringing cloud-connected robots to life. Use AWS IoT Core to seamlessly integrate a robotic companion into a home network. Unlock its full potential with AWS IoT Greengrass, deploying cutting-edge AI capabilities like vision processing and natural language interaction powered by Claude 3, a multi-modal large language model. Witness your robotic assistant choreograph delightful dance routines and respond to your commands with the magic of Amazon Bedrock generative AI. Finally, explore innovative IoT scenarios including intelligent appliance control orchestrated by your cloud-connected robotic companion. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SAS301 | Solving the SaaS cost-per-tenant puzzle: An inside look


Cost-per-tenant is an essential metric to SaaS businesses. It is the one piece of data that tells you how your architecture, design, tiering, and scaling strategies are optimizing the costs associated with individual tenant workloads. In this workshop, learn about the complexities and strategies that come with designing and implementing a cost-per-tenant model. Explore the various instrumentation and consumption attribution strategies that can be applied across the layers of your SaaS architecture. The goal is to provide a clear view into the strategies and patterns that can be used to build your own cost-per-tenant model. You must bring your laptop to participate.

CMP312 | Spot the savings: Optimize deployments with Amazon EC2 Spot Instances


Amazon EC2 Spot Instances use spare Amazon EC2 capacity available to you at steep discounts compared to on-demand prices. In this workshop, learn about the APIs and commands used to create Spot Instances. Create an Amazon EC2 launch template and use the template to launch Amazon EC2 Spot Instances with Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups, Amazon EC2 Spot Fleet, EC2 Fleet, and the EC2 RunInstances API. Discover how to use Spot features such as Spot placement scores and tools such as attribute-based instance selection and AWS Fault Injection Service to maximize your savings. You must bring your laptop to participate.

OPN403 | Spotting anomalies in real time with generative AI and open source


In this workshop, build a system to analyze log events from a data stream and detect anomalies using generative AI and open source technologies, including Apache Kafka, Apache Flink, and OpenSearch. Learn to ingest logs into Apache Kafka and consume them using Apache Flink for real-time anomaly detection using machine learning in Amazon SageMaker. Additionally, integrate the output with generative AI in Amazon Bedrock to automate incident response and reduce the mean time to resolve issues. This hands-on experience prepares you to build an adaptive defense strategy for your own evolving security needs. You must bring your laptop to participate.

HYB303 | Step-by-step migration of on-premises VMware workloads to AWS Outposts


For VMware workloads that need to stay on premises due to application interdependencies, data residency requirements, or accelerated migration timelines, you can rapidly rehost these workloads to AWS Outposts and modernize at your own pace. This workshop offers hands-on experience in migration of VMware workloads to AWS Outposts. Learn about planning strategies, migration tools, and best practices, and hear expert insights on post-migration operations and pitfalls to avoid. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAM315 | Strategic VMware to AWS migration with AWS Migration Hub Journeys


Are you seeking a strategic and streamlined approach to navigating your cloud migration journey? Join us for an immersive workshop designed to help you implement successful migration of your VMware-based workloads to AWS. Get hands-on experience with AWS Migration Hub Journeys, and delve into how you can optimize planning, execution, and tracking in your migration. Learn how to use migration templates, generative AI, and a suite of AWS services to streamline the migration of your VMware-based environments to AWS. You must bring your laptop to participate.

KUB302 | Strategies and best practices for securing containerized environments


As part of designing any modern system on AWS, it is necessary to think about the security implications and practices that can affect your security posture. This chalk talk walks you through five key best practices for securing containerized environments on Kubernetes using a sample architecture. Learn about supply chain security, host security, runtime security, network security, and secrets management.

ANT305 | Strategies for efficient zero-ETL integrations


In this chalk talk, learn techniques for extracting data from diverse sources, advanced transformation methods for data cleansing and enrichment, and optimized loading into data warehouses and data lakes. Real-world use cases showcase how organizations have overcome ETL challenges and unlocked the potential of their data assets. Gain comprehensive insights into streamlining ETL processes, handling large-scale data volumes, ensuring scalability and performance, and using ETL to drive data-driven decision-making, foster innovation, and gain a competitive edge.

EUC202 | Streamline Amazon WorkSpaces Family management through automation


The Amazon WorkSpaces Family provides a number of automation capabilities that help administrators maximize efficiency and productivity when managing their virtual desktop environments. In this hands-on builders’ session, learn how to optimize management of WorkSpaces Family services at scale through automation using scripts and other workflows. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP301 | Streamline DevSecOps in a complete software development service


Security is not just for application code—the automated software supply chains that build modern software must also be protected from threat actors. In this chalk talk, discover how you can use Amazon CodeCatalyst to incorporate security tests into every aspect of the software development lifecycle while maintaining a great developer experience. Come learn how the flexible actions-based CI/CD workflows in CodeCatalyst can help streamline the process of adapting to security threats.

HLS204 | Streamlining clinical protocol reviews with Amazon Q Business


Reviewing clinical trial protocols is a time-consuming process. In this builders’ session, discover how to streamline this task using Amazon Q Business, a generative AI–powered assistant. Learn how to analyze previous protocol documents, including inclusion/exclusion criteria, endpoints, and their amendments, to suggest optimizations and handle various review categories efficiently. See a demonstration on how to create a chatbot powered by Amazon Q to manage evaluations and reviews, and then learn how to build a no-code application to automate these tasks. You must bring your laptop to participate.

STG408 | Streamlining identity-driven data access at scale with Amazon S3


In this builders’ session, explore how Amazon S3 Access Grants enables mapping identities from directories like Microsoft Entra ID and Okta to datasets stored in Amazon S3. Learn how to efficiently manage data permissions at scale, automatically granting the appropriate Amazon S3 access to end users based on their corporate identities. Learn about the key concepts of Amazon S3, AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), and AWS IAM Identity Center with trusted identity propagation, and discover how to implement these features to simplify data access control and enhance your organization’s productivity. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AUT201 | Streamlining vehicle owner’s manual development with generative AI


A single vehicle model owner’s manual with 500 pages can take 250 hours to classify and up to a year to review, organize, and consolidate information so that it complies with regulatory, safety, technical, and other requirements. Join this session to learn how automakers can use Amazon Bedrock to consolidate text across vehicle models, identify conflicts or missing sections, eliminate repetitive text, and improve publication quality. Hear how generative AI can help accelerate development times, reduce the number of pages, and drive down costs.

SAS302 | Stressing and validating your multi-tenant SaaS architecture


SaaS developers and architects face a broad range of scaling, resiliency, cost, and operational efficiency challenges. As part of this effort, they also need to design and build the mechanisms that can validate their architecture assumptions and simulate loads, tenant personas, isolation exceptions, onboarding spikes, and more. In this session, learn the process of stressing a prebuilt SaaS environment. Explore how, where, and when you can introduce the mechanisms that exercise and validate the policies employed by your multi-tenant architecture. These essential steps will help you build a SaaS environment that achieves your broader operational and efficiency goals. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT320 | Supercharge app intelligence using gen AI with Amazon DocumentDB


In this session, explore how you can use the generative AI capabilities of Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) to make your existing applications more powerful. See demos showcasing how easily you can implement semantic search, build chatbots, and execute ML predictions within Amazon DocumentDB.

XNT203 | Supercharge your SQL Server workloads, featuring Thomson Reuters


Are you facing operational and scaling challenges after migrating SQL Server from on premises to the cloud? How about increasing costs? Thomson Reuters needed a better way to manage its SQL Server deployment for its mission-critical global trade management platform. It wanted the best of both worlds: a managed platform for developers and access to the underlying operating system for database administrators. In this session, learn how Thomson Reuters transformed its SQL Server backend to run its trade management platform at scale on AWS, resulting in a 40% reduction in operating costs and 5 times more operational efficiency.

SUS101 | Sustainability innovation in AWS Global Infrastructure


AWS is determined to make the cloud the cleanest and most energy-efficient way to run organizations’ infrastructure and business. This includes providing the efficient, resilient services that AWS customers expect, while minimizing its environmental footprint. In this session, learn how AWS focuses on efficiency across all aspects of its infrastructure and is innovating to find new ways to lower its carbon footprint as it aims to reach net-zero carbon by 2040. Find out about Amazon’s progress toward powering its operations with 100% renewable energy, and learn about the AWS reverse logistics program and its commitment to being water positive by 2030.

SUS302 | Sustainable urban spaces


Air quality and heat risks pose major threats to human and environmental health and safety. According to an Atlantic Council study, there are currently more than 8,500 deaths annually associated with daily average temperatures above 90 degrees Fahrenheit (32 degrees Celsius), and according to the World Health Organization, ambient air pollution leads to an estimated 4.2 million deaths per year. In this workshop, you use Amazon SageMaker to ingest data from the Amazon Sustainability Data Initiative (ASDI) and uncover patterns in weather, air quality, and temperature; understand risks to urban areas; and simulate solutions that reduce risk to communities. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT312 | Talking to your smart home using conversational generative AI


Discover how generative AI can revolutionize smart home experiences by enabling intelligent, responsive multistep task planning and execution, such as building grocery lists based on fridge contents. In this chalk talk, learn foundational concepts for connecting smart home devices to the cloud and building conversational generative AI systems to interact with the physical world. Using large language models, explore how to integrate sensor data, automate smart home devices, and orchestrate applications to generate actions and recommendations based on context from sensors or cloud data sources.

ACT125 | Tattoo and Piercing Zone


Back by popular demand! Visit our Tattoo and Piercing Zone to get permanent body art and/or piercings.

ACT123 | Tattoo and Piercing Zone


Back by popular demand! Visit our Tattoo and Piercing Zone to get permanent body art and/or piercings.

ACT126 | Tattoo and Piercing Zone


Back by popular demand! Visit our Tattoo and Piercing Zone to get permanent body art and/or piercings.

ACT124 | Tattoo and Piercing Zone


Back by popular demand! Visit our Tattoo and Piercing Zone to get permanent body art and/or piercings.

DOP309 | The Amazon Q Developer coding challenge


Join this workshop to participate in 20 increasingly complex coding challenges aided by Amazon Q Developer, an AI-powered assistant for software development. Discover how Amazon Q Developer’s auto-generated code recommendations and chat explanations can help you develop code and understand complex algorithmic coding challenges more efficiently compared to manual coding alone. Learn about Amazon Q Developer capabilities and how it can help you improve productivity. You must bring your laptop to participate.

MAM311 | The application modernization skills challenge


In this hands-on workshop, embark on a cloud-centric transformation journey and hone your modernization skills through a series of practical challenges. Decompose monolithic applications into microservices and deploy them using AWS Lambda. Move from a relational self-hosted data tier to fully managed, cloud-centric data tier. Containerize existing workloads and deploy them using Amazon ECS and Amazon EKS. Add observability and automate it with CI/CD pipelines using AWS CodePipeline, AWS CodeBuild, and AWS CodeDeploy. Join a team in the workshop, and score points by successfully completing modernization challenges using the accounts provided to you. Accelerate your efforts with Amazon Q Developer. You must bring your laptop to participate.

XNT202 | The art and culture of modernizing a .NET monolith


Learn about Tessitura, a pioneer in integrated software solutions for the arts and culture sector, and its journey to transform a 20-year-old .NET application from a client-server model to a modern, cloud-built architecture. Tessitura kick-started its journey with the Experience-Based Acceleration (EBA) transformation methodology from AWS, which highlighted the technology overhaul and cultural shift needed within Tessitura’s teams to make the project a success. Come learn how to overcome the complexities of legacy systems and foster a culture of experimentation. This session is for anyone looking to modernize .NET applications or enhance cross-team collaboration in tech-driven projects.

DEV301 | The art of transforming foundation models into domain experts


Standard foundation models have general knowledge on most topics, but little specific domain knowledge. Learn how to customize them to make them experts in your field. In this session, learn how to perform fine-tuning, use the Retrieval Augmented Generation technique, or use transactional agents through interactive demonstrations. Discover how to evaluate the pros and cons of each approach to choose the solution that best suits your needs.

API201 | The AWS Step Functions workshop


Join this workshop to learn about the primary features of AWS Step Functions. Step Functions is a low-code visual workflow service that developers use to build distributed applications, automate IT and business processes, and build data and machine learning pipelines based on AWS services. This workshop contains a series of interactive modules that provide hands-on experience building resilient workflows with robust error handling in a workshop environment. You must bring your laptop to participate.

GBL203-KO | The journey of modern application and database modernization [Korean]


This session is delivered in Korean. Learn about Woowa Brothers’ 10-year journey to the cloud, overcoming challenges in scalability, availability, security, and operational complexity. Hear GSSHOP’s story of successfully migrating from Oracle to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL-Compatible Edition and adopting a microservices architecture on Amazon EKS, all while embracing modern architectures and emerging technologies to enhance business efficiency. In this session, learn best practices and lessons for modernizing your cloud architecture learned from the ongoing process of re-architecting.

SVS202 | Thinking serverless


Serverless is more than just AWS Lambda. It’s about learning to use a range of different services and techniques to solve a technical problem. How do you approach building a solution with a serverless mindset? In this chalk talk, learn how to tackle a business problem from a customer perspective by breaking down needs into serverless building blocks that work well together. Discover the power of distributed systems design and event-based architecture, and learn how easy it can be to turn a flowchart into a model for a serverless application.

SEC301 | Threat detection and response using AWS security services


Join AWS security experts for an immersive threat detection and response workshop using native security services to detect threats across different workloads. Learn about common threat types, how to detect them, and how to prioritize a response. This workshop simulates several security events across different resources and behaviors. Get hands-on in a provided sandbox environment to review and respond to findings from the simulated events. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM308 | Train large models on Amazon SageMaker for scale and performance


Amazon SageMaker offers the highest-performing ML compute infrastructure and a resilient environment to help you train foundation models (FMs) for months without disruption. Top AI companies, from enterprises to startups, build cutting-edge models with billions of parameters on SageMaker. Discover how you can save up to 40% of training time and reduce costs with state-of-the-art training tools such as SageMaker interactive debugging and profiling features and high-performing distributed training libraries. Join this session to learn how to run large-scale, cost-effective model training on SageMaker to accelerate generative AI development.

IOT315 | Transforming healthcare with IoT, Amazon Location, and generative AI


In this workshop, explore how AWS connects patients to their medication and medical assets. While using AWS IoT and Amazon Location Service, explore use cases where patients can easily access the care they need, whether navigating to a clinic or receiving essential supplies at home. See how generative AI can optimize patient communication, identify the most relevant research programs for patients, and strategically place medical resources like X-ray and MRI machines based on insights from patient data. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM315 | Transforming intelligent document processing with generative AI


This workshop covers the use of generative AI models for intelligent document processing tasks. It introduces intelligent document processing and demonstrates how generative AI can enhance capabilities like multilingual optical character recognition (OCR), document classification based on content/structure/visuals, document rule matching using Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) models, and agentic frameworks that combine generative models with decision-making and task orchestration. Join this workshop to learn practical generative AI applications for streamlining and automating document-centric workflows. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT305 | Transforming smart metering for sustainable resource use with AWS IoT


The energy industry is shifting toward the next generation of smart metering. This presents an opportunity to address two critical challenges: water loss due to leakage and natural gas leakages—both significant contributors to global climate change. In this session, learn how to use AWS IoT services to build a solution for publishing and ingesting data from smart meters using LoRaWAN connectivity. By harnessing the telemetry data collected, you can gain valuable insights, including leakage detection. Additionally, find out how to train ML models in Amazon SageMaker and use foundation models supported in Amazon Bedrock to automate field response to the identified leakages.

SUP403 | Troubleshooting in the cloud with generative AI


How do you troubleshoot large-scale applications running on AWS? Using time-tested troubleshooting methods and AWS services, including generative AI offerings, learn to accelerate the diagnosis and resolution of operational issues. Amazon CloudWatch, AWS Config, AWS X-Ray, and Amazon Q allow you to set up appropriate proactive and reactive monitoring, automate mitigations, and enhance your troubleshooting. In this workshop, choose your preferred domain—compute/networking, containers, databases, or serverless/DevOps—and then work on triaging issues using generative AI, best practices, and techniques shared during the workshop. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC218 | Troubleshoot network connectivity in a peered VPC


In this lab, learn about the connectivity concepts of Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC). Explore how to troubleshoot network connectivity issues, and then learn how to fix the configuration to allow HTTP traffic between the client and server via VPC peering.

BIZ304 | Turn data into actionable contact center insights with Amazon Connect


In this hands-on workshop, you learn how to gain actionable customer experience and contact center insights from your data using services and capabilities like Amazon Connect analytics data lake and Amazon QuickSight. Come discover ways that generative AI can simplify the process of building and consuming insights and improve end-customer experiences, satisfaction, and loyalty while enhancing the effectiveness of contact center operations and agent productivity and empowerment. This workshop guides you step-by-step through using Amazon Connect and QuickSight to enable real-time AI-powered analytics, trend identification, recognition of agent coaching needs, contact volume prediction, and contact center optimization. You must bring your laptop to participate.

FSI305 | Uncover hidden connections in financial data with generative AI


To gain a competitive advantage, financial institutions often need to look beyond structured data sources to uncover differentiated insights. In this workshop, use generative AI to build knowledge graphs that can identify market correlations hidden in vast amounts of unstructured data. Explore an end-to-end process for analyzing annual reports using Amazon Bedrock. Learn how to automate entity extraction and disambiguation to hydrate an Amazon Neptune graph that captures market trends, competitors, supply chains, and key personnel. Finally, ingest news articles into the knowledge base to discover how potential second- and third-order impacts of seemingly unrelated press can affect an investment portfolio. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS407 | Understanding AWS Lambda event source mapping


In this chalk talk, gain a deep understanding of how AWS Lambda uses event source mapping to retrieve items from streams and queues. Explore the inner workings of event source mapping and how its behavior differs across seven different streaming and queuing services, such as Amazon Kinesis and Amazon SQS. Leave this talk with practical insights into optimizing your serverless data pipelines by making the most of event source mapping’s capabilities and service-specific nuances.

API302 | Understanding idempotency: The art of doing a task once and only once


In event-driven architectures, the same event can be delivered multiple times, leading to unintended consequences if not handled properly. In this builders’ session, learn how to ensure safe operation execution by implementing idempotent consumers on AWS. Explore different idempotency patterns like deduplicating based on event metadata or service built-in features. Practice these approaches on sample use cases, and learn about trade-offs and helpful tools like Powertools for AWS Lambda. Leave with a solid understanding of idempotency patterns and how to apply them to your event-driven applications on AWS. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS317 | Understanding serverless resilience: Patterns and best practices


In this chalk talk, learn considerations for building resilient serverless applications by understanding business requirements. Starting with a simple serverless architecture, explore how nonfunctional requirements drive continuous enhancement and design of architectural patterns and improvements. Gain insights into operational excellence, resilience patterns, common business requirements, and best practices. Leave with practical knowledge for translating business needs into robust, resilient serverless architectures that separate business logic from infrastructure concerns.

TNC208 | Understand your customers better with a modern data strategy


We are not only producing more data than ever, we are also producing real-time data that is streaming from a host of sources like social media platforms and sensors embedded in attached to various devices. That data comes in structured and unstructured forms. In this session, explore the AWS services needed to build a complete data solution to store, access, transform, analyze, and predict so you can put your data to work to make better, more informed decisions, respond faster to the unexpected, and uncover new opportunities.

IOT316 | Unleash edge computing with AWS IoT Greengrass on NVIDIA Jetson


In this workshop, walk through the process of loading AWS IoT Greengrass onto an NVIDIA Jetson server, remotely logging in to the edge server, and deploying an AWS IoT Greengrass component to the edge device. Gain practical experience using AWS IoT Core and AWS IoT Greengrass to orchestrate and manage edge runtime devices from the cloud. Through a step-by-step, interactive format, learn how to build solutions that extend cloud functionality to edge devices, while addressing real-world use cases. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DPR401 | Unleashing multimodal generative AI with AWS DeepRacer chatbots


In this workshop, developers can gain comprehensive experience with leveraging multimodal generative AI using Amazon Bedrock and domain adaptation techniques to build and deploy domain-tailored chatbots. Through hands-on exercises using AWS DeepRacer as a use case, you explore how to build and deploy generative AI–powered chatbot applications on AWS infrastructure. Gain valuable skills in conversational log analysis, domain-specific Q&A, and code generation. Beyond AWS DeepRacer, gain knowledge for applying generative AI across various business challenges and industries. Discover how to implement generative AI patterns using Amazon Bedrock APIs, SDKs, and open source tools like LangChain. You must bring your laptop to participate.

TNC203 | Unleash the power of generative AI with Amazon Q


This bootcamp explores the transformative power of Amazon Q, a generative AI–powered assistant that can answer questions, provide summaries, generate content, and complete tasks based on enterprise data and information. Gain hands-on experience with connecting to popular enterprise applications and document repositories, and learn how to use Amazon Q to securely and privately access accurate and relevant business insights. The bootcamp covers prompt engineering, output formats, administrative controls, security best practices, and recommendations for successful proof of concept projects. Become empowered to champion the value of Amazon Q within your organization, even without prior AWS expertise.

BIZ307 | Unlock contact center efficiency with interactive step-by-step guides


Attend this hands-on workshop to learn how to create interactive step-by-step guides for customer self-service and agent assistance using Amazon Connect. Learn how to use customer data to both identify self-service opportunities and design more intuitive self-service applications. Create self-service guides that adapt to customer and agent needs in real time and use AI to drive continuous optimization, improving self-service containment and first-contact resolution, reducing average handling time, and boosting customer satisfaction. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ENU302 | Unlocking insights from complex datasets with AI/ML and generative AI


Explore techniques for using AI/ML and generative AI for the analysis of vast, complex datasets that are helping organizations extract valuable insights and make critical business decisions faster. In this chalk talk, learn how the oil and gas industry is processing and analyzing massive volumes of seismic, sensor, and operational data with AI/ML and generative AI, helping build predictive models, and optimizing processes through data-driven decision-making. Hear how these technologies are empowering geoscientists and engineers to make informed decisions, optimize reservoir simulation, and maximize resource recovery.

AIM321 | Unlocking responsible AI with Amazon Titan Image Generator


Amazon Titan Image Generator is a cutting-edge text-to-image generator foundation model that creates stunning high-quality images. With Amazon Titan Image Generator, generated images can be edited with simple natural language prompts. In this builders’ session, dive into the Amazon Titan Image Generator model on Amazon Bedrock, and learn how it is built to enable responsible AI. Explore different image generation scenarios with Amazon Titan Image Generator, and walk through the process of using Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock to implement responsible AI principles. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ENU303 | Unlocking subsurface data with Energy Data Insights on AWS


Explore the synergy of business intelligence, data management, and geospatial analytics within subsurface workflows. AWS has iterated the OSDU Data Platform into a managed service called Energy Data Insights on AWS (EDI). Discover how the EDI solution, along with industry-specific data offerings, integrate with Amazon Q to empower energy companies to overcome data silos, streamline workflows, and gain actionable insights. Learn how this seamless integration of subsurface data is enabling faster decision-making, improved collaboration, and increased exploration success. Dive into real-world use cases and unlock the full potential of your energy data through this technical chalk talk.

MAM301 | Unlock insights with SAP, data lakes, and Amazon Q in QuickSight


Many SAP customers seek to modernize their existing analytics and reporting capabilities to adapt to changing business requirements. In this workshop, explore how extracting SAP order-to-cash data into a data lake and using AI/ML services can help organizations gain valuable insights while reducing manual effort. Walk through how to use AWS services including Amazon AppFlow and Amazon S3 to store SAP data in a data lake. Also, discover how to use generative AI–based queries in Amazon Q in QuickSight to develop dashboards and provide on-demand visibility into key performance measures. You must bring your laptop to participate.

PEX403 | Unlock mainframe data and convert legacy code with Amazon Q Developer


Generative AI is changing how AWS Partners approach mainframe modernization. Mainframe augmentation helps customers unlock mainframe data through real-time streaming to the cloud. In this hands-on builders’ session, learn generative AI–assisted techniques to perform data discovery and transfer of different types of mainframe data—including databases, virtual storage access method files, generational data groups, message queues, and flat files, including tape data—to AWS (one-time transfer and change data capture). Also, use generative AI services such as Amazon Bedrock and Amazon Q Developer to perform automated code conversion from legacy languages such as COBOL. You must bring your laptop to participate.

FSI301 | Unlock near real-time financial news insights with generative AI


The speed and proliferation of news impacting financial markets poses a perennial challenge for investors needing to make informed decisions in a dynamic environment. This chalk talk introduces an open source solution that clusters news into concise summaries and provides up-to-the-minute insights using Amazon SageMaker and Amazon Bedrock. Learn about the architecture and integration of AWS services to achieve a throughput of dozens of articles per second and cluster over one million articles per day. Explore how performance benchmarks, optimization techniques, and the use of generative AI can help portfolio managers and traders better manage risk and rapidly adapt their portfolios.

IOT303 | Unlock real-time video intelligence with Amazon Kinesis & Rekognition


Dive deep with real-time video intelligence in this immersive workshop, featuring Amazon Kinesis Video Streams and Amazon Rekognition. Through interaction with real gadgets and cameras, gain practical insights into ingesting and storing video from camera devices, enabling both live and on-demand playback, and facilitating seamless video file downloads with Kinesis Video Streams. Discover the cutting-edge capabilities of Amazon Rekognition Video and explore live facial recognition and near real-time video analysis. Whether you’re a developer, data scientist, or technology enthusiast, join this workshop to unlock the possibilities of real-time video intelligence and elevate your understanding of modern video analytics solutions. You must bring your laptop to participate.

GBL204-KO | Unlock robotics and battery business value with generative AI [Korean]


This session is delivered in Korean. Doosan Robotics simplifies traditional robotic arm implementation by harnessing generative AI to interpret natural language instructions into executable trajectories, streamlining the process into a single operational step and enhancing efficiency. LG Energy Solution uses Amazon SageMaker, Amazon Forecast, and Amazon Bedrock to accurately predict electric vehicle sales and battery demand, enabling data-driven inventory management and production planning. In this session, learn about driving manufacturing innovation for enhanced business agility while ensuring data security.

API205 | Unlock the power of an exceptional serverless developer experience


In this code talk, learn how to accelerate your serverless development with AWS tools, including Amazon Q Developer, integrated into IDEs. Experience the benefits of local development, deployment with Terraform and AWS CDK, and testing methodologies for serverless workloads. See a live coding session on how to build a serverless solution using AWS Lambda, AWS Step Functions, and Amazon EventBridge, and discover tools and best practices that can enhance the developer experience. Leave this talk with practical skills for achieving fast feedback loops to iterate quickly, catch issues early, and deliver high-quality serverless software efficiently.

SVS319 | Unlock the power of generative AI with AWS Serverless


Learn to harness the power of AWS Serverless to build robust, cost-effective generative AI applications in this breakout session. Explore using AWS Step Functions to orchestrate complex AI workflows seamlessly. Gain insights through real-world use cases and patterns covering prompt engineering, model fine-tuning, batch inferencing, Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), and more. Leave equipped with the knowledge and skills to unlock the true potential of secured, highly scalable, high-performance generative AI applications using serverless workflows. Elevate your AI capabilities in this rapidly evolving field.

XNT307 | Unlock your data: Build AI applications with .NET and Amazon Bedrock


Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) is revolutionizing the field of natural language processing, enabling models to generate more accurate and contextually relevant responses by using enterprises’ private knowledge repositories. Knowledge Bases for Amazon Bedrock provides you with a fully managed and secure experience for implementing RAG. In this hands-on session, learn how to enhance your generative AI applications with your private data sources by implementing RAG in a .NET application using Knowledge Bases for Amazon Bedrock. Leave this session well-prepared to build generative AI applications that unlock the full potential of your data. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ANT312 | Unlock your enterprise data with intelligent document search


In this workshop, build an intelligent, multimodal document search application using Amazon OpenSearch Service and generative AI. Learn how to use Amazon Bedrock and LLMs with Amazon OpenSearch Service to create a holistic search experience for your organization without needing machine learning expertise. You must bring your laptop to participate.

GAM303 | Upgrade your game storyboards with multimodal prompt chaining


In this workshop, learn how to unlock new possibilities for your projects with generative AI. Discover the transformative technique of prompt chaining to build a captivating game concept storyboard. Use multiple large language models in Amazon Bedrock and AWS Step Functions to orchestrate complex prompt chains. Align your storyboard with game lore and generate concept art and character backstories using advanced Amazon Bedrock capabilities. This workshop is ideal for developers, game designers, and tech-savvy creatives. Basic knowledge of Python is required. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM316 | Use agent strategies to streamline complex business tasks


In this workshop, explore how to use more optimal agent strategies to increase operational efficiency across various business sectors by using Agents for Amazon Bedrock. Learn about agent strategies and execution plans for synchronous and asynchronous applications, and see how these can be applied to solve complex business problems. Build an agent strategy and application that combines Agents for Amazon Bedrock and Knowledge Bases. Gain a comprehensive understanding of how to architect and develop AI solutions using agent strategies on Amazon Bedrock. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SUP303 | Use Amazon Q to prevent recurring operational and security incidents


This workshop dives into how to use Amazon Q, with AWS support cases, AWS Trusted Advisor, and AWS Health data to derive actionable insights based on common patterns, issues, and resolutions while using the AWS recommendations and best practices enabled by support data. Additionally, see how you can integrate these insights with your IT service management (ITSM) system (such as ServiceNow, Jira, Zendesk, or Confluence) to allow you to receive contextual recommendations with your own playbooks or knowledge base and act on those recommendations, leading to performant and reliable AWS environments. You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM202 | Use generative AI to accelerate your AWS Certification journey


Are you aiming to enhance your AWS Cloud skills by obtaining the prestigious AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate certification? In this workshop, explore how you can utilize Amazon Q Apps, a generative AI service, to create your personalized exam practice tool. By leveraging the advanced language modeling capabilities of Amazon Q Apps, you can develop a customized study aid that adapts to your specific knowledge gaps and learning preferences. Through this hands-on demonstration, learn how to use Amazon Q Apps to generate practice questions, explanations, and even full-length mock exams tailored to your individual needs. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT309 | Use GraphRAG with Amazon Neptune to improve generative AI applications


Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) applications use the power of generative AI to analyze private, differentiating datasets. However, baseline RAG can sometimes produce poor responses that lack explainability and contextual awareness and include conflated sources and spurious claims. GraphRAG combines knowledge graphs with RAG to produce explainable responses that are grounded in the semantic relationships between concepts, entities, and the underlying content. In this builders’ session, get hands-on experience using Amazon Neptune, graph notebooks, and LlamaIndex (an open source framework for building GraphRAG applications). You must bring your laptop to participate.

MFG307 | Use ML for CAE simulation to morph geometries and predict flow fields


Jump into the role of a simulation engineer who is redesigning a vehicle’s exterior and has to show critical metrics to leadership. Learn how to deploy the AWS machine learning (ML) for simulation toolkit, and prepare a generative AI–enabled engineering environment to see how fast simulation can be. You can upload your own vehicle geometry or choose one that’s provided for you, morph it using generative AI, get aerodynamic flow field and KPI predictions, and experience how to exceed leadership expectations by delivering engineering data days ahead of schedule. Get hands-on with advanced product engineering techniques. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT418 | Use serverless knowledge graphs for hybrid search with Amazon Neptune


In this chalk talk, explore how to build a scalable serverless hybrid search application that combines vectors and graph data. Learn how this approach empowers you to leverage the benefits of vector-based search with the rich relationships defined in graphs to provide more comprehensive and explainable answers. Discover how to use Amazon Neptune Serverless to architect a hybrid search application for biomedical literature, and learn multiple approaches for combining vectors with graph data and the associated trade-offs. Leave this talk understanding the power of combining vectors and graph data to build scalable serverless hybrid search applications.

STG317 | Use your own proprietary data to build customized generative AI apps


Learn to use Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) with your own proprietary data and business context stored in Amazon S3 and Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP. With RAG, organizations can deliver more relevant, context-specific, and accurate responses to customers. Gain hands-on experience using AWS serverless services with FSx for ONTAP and Amazon Bedrock to enable automatic scaling, event-driven compute, and API interfaces for generative AI applications on AWS. Come learn about the benefits of enabling Amazon Bedrock for generative AI applications among thousands of large enterprise customers that rely on Amazon S3 for object storage and ONTAP file systems for their corporate data. You must bring your laptop to participate.

NTA402 | Using AWS Budgets to stay cost-optimized


In this builders’ session, learn how to build cost budgets for services, AWS Regions, tags, and linked accounts from the payer account. Discover how to build AWS Budgets reports to better monitor the performance of your existing budgets on a daily, weekly, or monthly cadence and deliver that report to up to 50 email addresses. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DOP306 | Using AWS CloudFormation to deploy infrastructure with speed & safety


In this workshop, learn how to develop and test AWS CloudFormation templates. Create CloudFormation templates to deploy and manage resources, and learn about CloudFormation language features that allow you to reuse and extend templates for many scenarios. Explore testing tools, including cfn-lint and CloudFormation Guard, that can help you validate your CloudFormation templates. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ARC306 | Using AWS solutions: Boosting performance, security, and innovation


Explore how you can use AWS Solutions individually or combined together to address diverse use cases. In this workshop, gain insights into the capabilities of four AWS Solutions from the AWS Solutions Library—Distributed Load Testing on AWS, Automated Security Response on AWS, Centralized Logging with OpenSearch, and Generative AI Application Builder on AWS—and learn how you can seamlessly integrate them to enhance performance, security, observability, and innovation in your applications and workflows. Discover real-world examples showcasing the power of AWS Solutions, and leave with a deeper understanding of how to leverage the AWS Solutions Library to deliver business value faster. You must bring your laptop to participate.

BLC304 | Using generative AI and LLM to extract value from Web3 data


Uncover the potential of LLMs in the realm of on-chain and off-chain data analysis and their potential to power Web3 analytics and security. Explore how Web3 data analytics companies can use LLMs to cluster and segment wallets and transactions, revealing connections between related entities. Furthermore, discover how Web3 protocols and blockchain security auditing firms can leverage LLMs to detect transaction sequences resembling previous hacking attempts, fortifying their security postures.

SUS301 | Using generative AI large language models for sustainability reporting


Organizations are making commitments to sustainability but face challenges in measuring and analyzing the data required to meet these goals. One key challenge organizations face is an ability to extract datasets from different sources and synthesize this data into coherent reports, while also preparing for compliance with sustainability reporting regimes. In this workshop, learn how to use generative AI large language models (LLMs) and AWS services, such as Amazon Bedrock, AWS Lambda, and Amazon S3, to create a draft sustainability report. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT413 | Using generative AI to accelerate database modernization with AWS DMS


Does the thought of modernizing your application and database architecture fill you with concern? In this code talk, learn how to overcome common migration issues and concerns that arise during modernization projects. See live coding examples to learn how to use generative AI and the AWS DMS Schema Conversion feature to successfully modernize your database.

DAT402 | Using LangChain to build gen AI apps with Amazon Aurora and pgvector


Do you want to build a generative AI application with Amazon Aurora but are unsure of how to get started? In this code talk, learn essential tools for creating your own generative AI applications, including LangChain and pgvector. See live coding firsthand and learn the code required to connect these tools together, including how to use Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) to enhance the answers of the generative AI application. Also learn how to use Amazon Aurora with pgvector to accelerate vector similarity search. Discover how to use fundamental building blocks to build your own generative AI applications with Aurora.

BLC301 | Using Nitro Enclaves for secure key management on Ethereum and beyond


This session focuses on the practical application of AWS Nitro Enclaves and associated AWS services to create a secure and reliable key management platform specifically for Ethereum transactions and validators. Hear how Nitro Enclaves offers an isolated compute environment that helps ensure the protection of sensitive data and cryptographic keys that are essential for blockchain operations. Learn about the foundational concepts of Nitro Enclaves, including their architecture, operational mechanics, and integration with the secure AWS environment.

COP305 | Using observability for effective incident response


Effective incident management is crucial for business continuity. This hands-on workshop simulates an incident, and you discover how to collect, analyze, and correlate data from various sources to gain a holistic understanding of your system’s behavior. Explore techniques for setting up effective alerting and automated workflows to proactively identify and respond to incidents using Amazon CloudWatch and AWS Systems Manager. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ANT401 | Vector search with Amazon OpenSearch Service


With Amazon OpenSearch Service vector database capabilities, you can implement Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) with large language models (LLMs). Join this session to build a RAG-based, contextually-aware, conversational search solution using OpenSearch vector database for document embedding and LLM content generation with context. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IOT317 | Vehicle telematics and driver monitoring with AWS IoT and AI/ML


Learn how to build an IoT device for edge computer vision and machine learning (CVML) workloads, with a focus on using vehicle telematics and detecting driver fatigue and distraction. Deploy your CVML model to the edge to detect driver events in real time, and use generative AI in the cloud to retrospectively search video content using natural language. Get step-by-step instructions on how to implement the solution using AWS IoT Greengrass, Amazon Kinesis Video Streams, AWS IoT Core, and Amazon Bedrock. You must bring your laptop to participate.

DAT412 | Video sampling & search using Amazon MemoryDB & multimodal embeddings


Multimodal embeddings enable a wide range of video analysis capabilities, from content understanding and summarization to classification and recommendations. In this code talk, learn how to use smart sampling and video search, generating multimodal embeddings with Amazon Titan models in Amazon Bedrock and using vector search powered by Amazon MemoryDB. See live coding examples to discover how to build delightful video experiences for your customers.

MAM302 | Virtual machines to AWS: Rapid migration and modernization


Join this comprehensive builders’ session to be guided through the process of successfully migrating from virtual and physical environments to Amazon EC2. If you are looking to eliminate VMware costs and licensing and accelerate innovation while benefiting from the scale, security, and flexibility of AWS global infrastructure, this workshop provides you with the knowledge and tools to successfully transition to AWS. Expert presenters walk you through the migration process, covering key considerations, best practices, and common challenges on your path to modernization. You must bring your laptop to participate.

COP309 | Visualize and optimize cloud cost efficiency


In this hands-on workshop, explore technical implementation guidance for various FinOps use cases. Learn about continuous monitoring and governance mechanisms, cost visualization capabilities with Cloud Intelligence Dashboards, and cost optimization strategies like rightsizing resources. Also discover how you can align cloud usage with business objectives and foster a culture of cost awareness through collaboration between finance, engineering, and business stakeholders You must bring your laptop to participate.

AIM317 | Voice of the Customer classification for retail with Amazon Titan


In the retail industry, understanding the Voice of the Customer (VOC) is crucial for insights into customer preferences and pain points. By analyzing and categorizing customer feedback, retailers can improve their products, services, and overall customer experience. This hands-on workshop guides you through four labs focused on classifying VOC using Amazon Titan on Amazon Bedrock. These cover prompt engineering, use of embedding models and semantic classification, use of Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) for VOC classification, and fine-tuning of a large language model (LLM) using a custom dataset to achieve precise VOC classification tailored to your business needs. You must bring your laptop to participate.

ANT303 | What’s new in data governance


Join this session to explore the latest innovations and features in AWS analytics that are revolutionizing data governance. Expert presenters guide you through the exciting developments in services like Amazon DataZone, AWS Lake Formation, and AWS Glue that are empowering organizations to establish robust data governance frameworks while maintaining stringent compliance standards.

CMP101 | What’s new with Amazon EC2


Join this session to learn about the latest compute innovations from AWS. Hear how you can take advantage of recently launched Amazon EC2 instances and capabilities. This session helps you better understand Amazon EC2 instances and how organizations like yours can use them to run any workload while meeting your cost, performance, and sustainability goals.

STG203 | What’s new with AWS Backup


In the past year, AWS Backup has delivered new innovations to help you safeguard your data and audit your data protection posture. With new protection and recovery capabilities, AWS Backup continues to innovate for and delight over 130,000 customers protecting over 1.8 exabytes of application data. Join this session to explore the new features of AWS Backup; learn practical tips intended to help you secure, manage, test, and audit your data protection policies; and hear from your peers about how AWS managed data protection services offer defense in depth for data at rest and in transit.

BIZ203 | What’s next in contact centers with Amazon Connect and generative AI


Today’s business and contact center leaders are looking at how AI technologies like generative AI can accelerate innovations that better serve customers, assist and empower agents, and uncover customer and business insights from their data. Join this session to hear how companies are optimizing their operations and everyday agent work to deliver better outcomes for their customers and business.

CDN302 | Write, deploy & monitor Amazon CloudFront Functions & KeyValueStore


Amazon CloudFront offers programmable and secure edge CDN computing capabilities to run lightweight JavaScript code at edge locations. This serverless computing solution is designed to operate closer to end users, which results in reduced latency and improved performance. In this workshop, dive into building and deploying edge compute functions, including URL rewrites and access authorization, using CloudFront Functions and KeyValueStore. Discover how to leverage Amazon Q Developer, an AI-powered tool designed for developers, to streamline code creation and enhance efficiency. Gain the skills to deploy, monitor, and write functions with confidence. You must bring your laptop to participate.

SVS204 | Write less code: Building applications with a serverless mindset


Building with a serverless mindset focuses on business value. You can derive more value by using built-in integrations between AWS services set up through configuration than by writing glue code. This hands-on session explores patterns for using direct service integrations using Amazon API Gateway, AWS Step Functions, and Amazon EventBridge. Discover the efficiency of utilizing configuration to streamline development tasks, and push the heavy lifting to AWS. You must bring your laptop to participate.

IMP301 | Your mission and the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day


Even with the best planning, hardware and software can fail, prized employees can leave, and the unexpected can disrupt operations. A disaster is often the time when it’s critical for mission-based workloads (such as credit union banking or fundraising solutions) to be available. How do you deliver on your mission when the unexpected happens? In this chalk talk, learn about ways to minimize workload impacts, including architectural practices, pattern monitoring, and gray failure detection, and discover how to build a culture of continuous resilience. Gain the knowledge necessary to deliver on your mission even when faced with a disaster.

SAS303 | Zero to SaaS in one hour


Building a multi-tenant SaaS architecture requires teams to consider a wide range of design and architecture strategies: the footprint of your control plane, the services it will host, how you’ll handle onboarding, what tiers you’ll support, and how you’ll isolate tenants. In this session, learn the core elements of a SaaS architecture. Take an in-depth look at building out some of the core constructs while highlighting the design and implementation decisions that will impact your approach. You must bring your laptop to participate.
Logo
Privacy Policy
Site terms
Cookie preferences
© 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
